You know that what I do is I write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people that I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress myself as a farmer or a leather clothes, and no one has ever chosen an agriculture.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and episodes.
And you know that an epiphany usually is something that fell away from you.
You've just got to turn the apple to the apple to see it as an episode.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Bollyburgham.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the '60s in the middle school, in Stone, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they hit them every week in the children's bathroom, until a teacher saved my life.
She saved my life when she let me go into the teacher's toilet bar.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
He had a thumb and 85 dollars, and ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the '80s, I felt the need to start working in organizations who were fighting AIDS.
About three or four years ago, in the middle of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, Mrs. Post-sold he said, "I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that we have never been aware of adults.
You could come to Ohio and please bring that man who know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I would like you to join this thing for you."
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland, the next day.
We went to see, we laughed up, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hospital.
We found this one place, we trained it, and we took care of her family, because it was necessary.
We know how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to me, he became a cheese box and it was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I told you about it made present in itself.
The epidemic is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I save her from her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy today about this.
It also needs -- you need dignity, love and pleasure -- and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature, and that everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and there I saw my first temperatures.
I was amazed.
My heart beating fast, was a sea, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The iceberg around me of almost 60 feet -- and I couldn't think that it was a control of snow on another copy of snow year after year.
The iceberg are born when they fall off the glaciers or they break ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way of interacting with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them refuse to melt up to the end, and they hold up until the end, while others can't support it more and they fall asleep in a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a temperature, which is separate and alone, largely as we see ourselves sometimes as humans.
But reality is the opposite.
As a iceberg is delivered, I'm breathing your ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg is delivered as a release water rich in minerals that feed many forms of life.
I was about to photograph these temperatures as if it would be the portrait of my ancestors, knowing that in these unique moments there are just that way and won't come back in that way again.
It's not death when they're determined, it's not a end, but a continuation of your path for the cycle of life.
Part of the ice of the team that I'm photographing is very young -- it's a couple thousand years.
And another part of the ice is over 100,000 years old.
The last photos I'd like to show you are from a temperature that photographed in Keithhhile, Greenland.
It's unlikely to get really often to make a reasonable time.
Here it is.
You can see the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the shape of the iceberg and your line of flowing.
You can see here, it starts rolling up, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a Greenland iceberg of the average size.
It is about 120 feet or 40 feet.
This video is real time.
And so nose, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each of which is conceiving a baby. Okay.
So, two couples each with a baby.
I don't want you to stop too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception, you're not going to pay attention to me.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this scenario, I want you to imagine that, in one case, the chromosome and the sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the X chromosome of sperm joins the X chromosome of the egg.
They both go and start life.
We will talk about them later.
In my activity I will have two roles.
In one of my roles I work with anatomy history.
I am an historian, for training, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle the anatomy -- to say, of human bodies and animals, how they consider body fluid, the idea of the body, what they've thought about about body.
The other role I play in my work is the activist of activist -- as patients of patients or, as I say sometimes implicit defense from people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features challenge social norms.
I've been working for example, with similar twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with entertainment, much lower than the average.
And I've worked with a lot of cases of anti-graders with outliers, individuals whose physical telephone does not fit in male schemes and conventional females.
In general lines, we can call it intellectual.
So infection adopted many shapes.
I'm going to put some examples in ways of having a sex that doesn't link in the massive or male forms of memory.
For example, there is the case of the individual with basis commercial X-ray whose gene SRI gene is telling the protected, that we all have in feature life, which are becoming testostero.
And then, in the federal life, the testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testing receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of insecticity to ancestors.
So, there are high levels of testosterone.
As a consequence, the body develops a typically female course.
When I was born, the baby has a little girl as a child.
It's a little girl. It's raised as a girl.
And it's often not until puberty, when it's growing up and developing the senses, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it tests you realize that instead of having ovarian and terrible, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
The important thing to understand is that you can think of a man, but it's actually not.
Women, like men, have the body something called super-controlled glands.
They're in the back of the body.
Super-careful glands produce angels, the hormone of manufacturing.
Most women like me consider a typical woman -- it doesn't know their critical structure, I think being a typical woman in most women as me are sensitive to ancestors.
We produce ancestors and we respond to ancients.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the agenda than the woman who was born with the self-assembly syndrome to the ancestors.
So sex is a complicated thing. It's not that the intelligence are in the middle of the spectrum -- they can sort of be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as a world, had nine, and sexual relationships with her, he took a life as a girl, and he had just discovered that she had ovarian and she had early.
It had an extreme way of a disease known as a cognitive super-controlled hyperbolic.
It had commanders and the super-controlled glands, they were so active that, in essence, they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genius were manufactured, their brain was exposed to the typically male component component.
I was born with a child -- no one suspected anything.
And it was at the age of 19, when he started to have medical problems caused by internal metaladdon, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was woman inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of intelligence.
Some people with 20th chromosomes developed what is known as a government, which is that they have available tissue wrapped into tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- already being standards, similar twins, or intelligent surgeries -- they're committed to normal surgeries -- it's not to be able to get a better physical health.
In many cases people are perfectly healthy.
The reason that they're committed to various surgeries is that they are a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings up a particular identity.
We have the idea that being a woman is to have female identity -- supposedly, being black to mean having African anatomy in historical terms.
It's a terribly simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with category.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture about individuality.
Our nation is based on a concept of very romantic individual.
Imagine how surprising it is to have children who are born as two people within a same body.
The lighter recent case is last year with South African corridor Carolina Senginel, he was placed in trial of trial at the Berlin International Olympics.
Many journalists called to ask me, "What are you going to do to determine if Casey Senegal is man or woman?
And I had to explain to the journalists that there is no such thing.
In fact, we know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't carry a tanker line between men and women or between men and intelligence and women and women and intelligents, and intellectually, are us who brought that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more advanced science, the more we have to admit that these categories -- we were thinking about were stable anatomical categories that correspond directly with stable identical categories -- they are much more difficult than we thought.
And not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that turns out much more complicated than the terminology allows you.
As we see, we get into a hidden terrain.
So look, for example, we share at least 95 percent of the DNA with chimpanzees.
What do we know about the difference of them in just a few nuclear few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an uncomfortable area where we have to recognize that the simplistic categories that we manage are probably too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the air of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights from the features.
There are very accelerated discussions today -- maybe not in public, but I do know within medicine -- about when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to come with this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if you move still didn't get it in.
If I stopped moving the whole thing.
But today, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we need to face the dilemma to really determine the death of somebody, and this puts us into a hard situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you may think that this explosion of category could make someone like me.
And in politics I'm a progressive, I define people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that I get nervous.
To make sure that these categories are much more unstable.
Tennesis from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm an amazing fervent from the Fantas Foundation.
I know they were racists, I know they were sexy, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and auditory and so radical in what they did, that I find myself every single time watching that music covered 1757, and not for music, which is totally possible.
That's why it happened in 177 with the Foundation parents.
The Foundation parents were -- for me, the first activists in the anatomy and explain to you why.
What they rejected was an analogy concept and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and kept for 200 years.
And as they all remember, what our Foresert parents rejected was the idea of the monologue. The monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of the anatomy.
The monkeys of the old world didn't know the DNA, but they were clear the idea of birth of birth.
They had the concept of blue blood concept.
They were the idea that it was in political power for the right of blood right of the grandfather to the father and then the son, etc.
The Father Fords rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the common anatomy in common and not anti-graders -- that was a very radical thing.
And they were partly doing it because they were part of a illustrated system where two things were being created.
Democracy was designing and at the same time born science.
And it's very clear, if we looked at the history of the Foundation parents, that many were very interested in science and in the idea of a natural world.
They were getting rid of the supernatural explanations, and therefore they rejected the concept of subtle power transmitted by a vague idea of birth right.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if you look at example, for example, the Declaration of Independence, talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and the nature of God.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence we were transforming the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And in doing so, they were sitting the foundations of the future Civil Rights movement.
They didn't think about it, but they did it for us, and it was great.
And what happened next?
And women were translated.
Then came the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in the head of Survey Trobbine, who said, "I'm not a woman.
We found men in the rows of the Civil Rights movement saying, "I'm a man."
Again, people of color who appealed to anatomical coincidence on the anatomic difference and, again, transported.
We see the same with the Disconnection movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the conditions, we have to start asking why we keep certain dimensions.
But attention, I want to keep some distributions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should give up to the anatomy.
I don't want to say that the five years old would allow them to have sexual relationships or married.
There are some anti-malarial divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep it going.
But the challenge is trying to figure out what they are, why to keep it and make sense.
Well, we went back to those two ones that were confused at the beginning of this talk.
We have two beings. You know, both of them concentrated in the middle of 1979, exactly the same day.
Imagine that one of them, Mary was born three months before the one of June 1, 1980.
Henry in the contrary, was born in terms of March 1980s.
By just being born three months before Mary was attributed all the right three months before Henry -- the right to sexual consent, the right to the vote, the right to bring.
Henry has to wait for all of that, not because it has a different biological age, but because it was born later.
We found other rare ratios to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered -- though I haven't told you if it's X, in virtue of being considered to be considered now for the mandatory income that Mary doesn't have to worry about.
Mary, on its part, doesn't have the same rights to marriage that Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman in some states.
So they still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is, what do we do now that science was so advanced in the field of the anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on the anatomy could be demonstrated?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time sometimes I feel like science is escapes us.
Where are we going to?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude -- "Well, we have to draw the line somewhere, so we're going to do it."
But many people are stuck in a rare position.
So for example, Texas at a certain time has decided that to marry a man you don't have to be chromosome and to marry a woman to marry a woman you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice they don't do the shocks to people.
But this is also very strange given the story that I told you about at the beginning of the insections syndrome to ancestral.
If you look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech, "He saved Drug and offers a solution.
He says that we should judge people based not on the color of their skin, but in the content of their character, going beyond the anatomy.
And I want to say, "Yes, the idea looks very good.
But in practice, how do you do it?
How do you judge people based on the content of their character?
I want to point out that I'm not sure we should be based on this to give people right, because I have to admit that I know some of these revealed representations that probably deserve more social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some of the laboratories that I know can make more informed decisions, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relations than people than 40 I know.
So how do you put the issue of the content of character?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic MRI.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States will continue to guide this stream of thinking in relation to democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we'll do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is susceptible to be killed, unless it's willing to commit a sex shift, in which case is allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked about a couple of years ago that he had made a little bit of similar twins and then separate them and go back to their fame.
But when I was a phone, I asked the operation motivation -- it was a very risky operation, said that in that other country, these kids would be very multiple, and therefore I had to do it.
I said, "Well, have you considered political asylum.
America provides enormous possibilities to people to be who are without forcing them to change for the sake of the state.
So I think we have to be on the head.
Well, to finish I mean I've been talking a lot about the parents.
And I want to think about what the democracy would be, or as it could have been, if we'd given greater participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little bit radical, and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical telescopes, particularly if there are people thinking about groups.
For years, since I've been interested in intellectual, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interest me are the differences between men and women in terms of how we think and operate in the world.
And what we know about transparent studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average, they tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to care about those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
When I was in graduate school, one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was considered to think of feminist -- it made me a strange plant."
"Tell me what the feminist has female.
And I thought, "It's the most dumb question I've ever heard.
The feminist has to do with defining gender stereotypes, so there's nothing feminine in the feminist."
But the more I've thought of the question, the more it has seemed to me that there is something feminine in the feminist.
I mean, there might be something, on average, something different between female brain and the male that makes us more aware of complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So while the parents were very reluctant to find a way to protect people on the state of state, it is possible that, to have more mothers injected this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reproductive support.
And maybe that's what we need to do in the future when we take democracy beyond the anatomy -- think less about the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more about relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, let's think about what one we do for each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when each family thinks where it wants to go live and work, it has the possibility of choosing at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now, we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't have a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they value much more than their construction cost.
So we could easily deliver the world tens of people, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this may sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace it by apartment buildings.
Imagine that half the people who wanted to live in apartment already were owners and the other half would still be able to do it.
You could try to increase capacity by making applications in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you'll face is that those buildings and the areas around them have rules to avoid molecules and the distraction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those applications.
But you could go to a whole new place, build a completely new apartment building, and when the rules of that place are easier to build the construction instead of putting the jobs.
So I proposed that governments create new areas of big enough reform to contain cities and gave them a name, cities under status.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Japan and October were thinking about the challenge to reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 people would go out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009, Honorster went through a heartbreaking constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, Pepsi Lobe is implanted by a platform where I promise reforms and at the same time.
He asked Ocean to be his chief of gang.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfection, trial and error and a lot of testing with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under the state to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of rules, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all the current apartments of apartment.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but it takes so much of the technologies to make progress, and they're usually the rules that prevent us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala.
I showed it Japan.
They called me.
They said, "Let's get this to the leaders of our country."
So in December we met in Miami in a conference room of a hotel.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York -- look at -- land -- land -- in some cases, it's worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion and at some point, when there was a pause, October said, Paul -- maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk Talk."
And the talk described in very simple terms that a low status city is a place where you start with destructive land, a status that specifies the rules that are going to be applied there and an option so that people can choose whether or not they want to live under those norms.
So the president of Honors called me, and he told me that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the way for our country to move forward.
I was asked to go to Technology and I would talk again about four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, that I was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Dennett, and the white line is the new airport that was built in Dennet.
This airport is covering over 100 square miles.
So I was trying to convince the honest to build a new city, you have to start with a site that I measure at least 1,000 square miles.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everybody was controlled controlled.
The public faces were very serious and attendance.
The leader leader came up to the platform and said, "Professor Rome, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe we could see the video of the TEDTalk.
I have this in my computer here.
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explains the essentials that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you might go to be in Honorsters, rather than hundreds of miles away into the north.
And it also included new options for leaders.
Because the Higgs government leaders needed help from associated countries, they could benefit from the associated countries that would help them establish and make the status of the status, so that everybody could trust the status that the status effectively comes up.
We went and saw a place.
This picture is there.
It could easily fit about a thousand square miles.
And shortly after, on January 19th voted in Congress to encourage their constitution and add a constitutional arrangement that allowed to create these special development regions.
In a country that had just gone through this painful crisis, the voting in Congress for this constitutional emergency was 124 to one.
All the parties, all of the factors in society, they replaced it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
On February 17 was approved again in another voting from 111 to one.
Immediately after the voting of the 21 to 24, a delegation of about 30 honest was the two places in the world that are more interested in participating cities.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new center of the city that's being built in South Korea, it's bigger than the center of Boston.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years getting the permission.
The other country interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, they've already built two cities in China, and they're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a website, and you're thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow managers to come from, and it would allow them to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allowing your Supreme Court to be the last institution of the last institution for this new judicial system.
There are urbanizations and cities of cities that are very interested in the project.
You can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know has solved is that they have a good number of residents.
There are many companies that wanted to install in the Americas, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go live there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would immediately change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave their family back to their family to get a job, sometimes they're fancy mothers that have to earn the money to just eat or buy clothes.
Unfortunately, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet with their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what does it seem to think about building a new city in Honorstes?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about insisting for families to choose among various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say, "Thank you, TED.
I'm Jesse, and this is my value.
But before we show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession -- which is, I live obsessed with the suit.
I love to find, dress, and more recently, to photograph and publish on my blog suits, collaborated and different for every occasion.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of puzzle markets and stores of secondhand hands.
Oh, thank you.
Second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my garage in the environment and in my bill.
I get to know some interesting people -- usually my money goes to a good cause. My aspect is unique, and buy it into my personal search of testosterone.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
To be from my street?
Will I like color color?
It cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel that I've won.
To go back to my value issue, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what brings someone who has all that clothes come?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought out.
I've brought seven pairs of clothing inside, and nothing else.
I was interior for exactly a week is everything I've put in my value.
I imagined I would be able to find everything else that I would like to use after I got here to Palm Spring.
And since they don't know me as the woman who walks through TED in clothes,  that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the dots for this week.
Doesn't sound interesting.
As I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothing.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this a bright tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to see you good.
You can almost always see for less than 50 dollars.
The whole thing, including the jacket, cost me 55 -- and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
London, color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be a bad humor, when you're watching a brilliant red screen.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: The integration is supplied.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you are surrounded by the right people, you won't just understand you, you will also appreciate you.
Microsoft," Guantaine is going to take you in.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the displacements, or I remember the discussions of their seven years.
I like to smile them and tell you, "Thank you.
Judge: Trust is the key.
If you think you're good at something, it's almost sure you are.
And if you think you don't see you well with something, it's probably true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until I was 30 that really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't look at you you can't attract you.
So there's no excuse for anyone from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Viewers." A real word six words for you: the golden lengths go with everything.
And finally, salt: develop a personal status and unique is a great way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I tried it over and over again when people were approaching me this week just by what I was using, and we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave certain things.
I don't need to embarrass these things, because at the turn of the corner, there will always be another crazy suit, colorful and brilliant spirituality, if there's a little bit of love in my heart and looking for.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide into two parts.
The left side, which is the logical part, and the right side, which is the intuitive.
So if we use a scale to measure every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical to it.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So where would you put your brain on this scale?
Some of them would choose for one of these extremes -- but I think for most of the integrity in this audience, their brain is something like that -- with a great attitude in both hemisphere at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider myself one of those people, which just like most of the other experimental quantum physicists, we need quite a lot of logic to match these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need pretty intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition -- well, we like to play with things.
We tend to play with them, and then we see how they react. And then we developed our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
And certain intuition that you may have developed with the years is what says that one thing can be only in place at a time.
I mean, it may sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you were not born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing in a parking bar.
It was a small child, and he didn't do it very well, it always fell down.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar taught a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to transport them, and they remain in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have in the world, except you are a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with the parking bars they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really weird things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called the theory of quantum mechanics.
At that point was the physics a few years ago, needed from quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But you don't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not a lot.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, there was no one ever saw a particles.
But it didn't fit my logical part either.
Because if everything is made of small particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all be following the principles of quantum mechanics.
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't have.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object that you can see has been in a quantum mechanics supply.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal piece I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to expand it a little bit. It's right at the center.
And then here we do a well big approach to the little trick of metal.
So what we see is a little piece of metal person, and that is shared and supported by a platform.
And then I did this almost the same way you would do a computer chip.
I went into a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I started working all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to do this piece of battery of swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap -- but it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want them to bother them, or, actually, assume.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The travel companies of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that shines it and the wind that goes on next and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this particular piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expose to all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We put the lights off, then we introduced a vacuum and we extract all the air, and then we face it to a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, being alone in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating -- and the way I was vibrating was like a breath like this -- like a force that expands and contributes.
And by giving a soft supply, we were able to make it vibrate and not vibrate at the same time -- something that happens to only happen to quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrating thing and not vibrant at the same time?
Let's think of atoms.
In one case, all the trillion atoms that make that piece of metal are sticks, and at the same time those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's only in certain instant when those are lined up.
In the rest of time they're destroyed.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that the entire piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
It was worth going up in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the difference in scale between one atom and that metal of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that metal of metal and you.
So if a single atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you do it?
I mean, it's my logical part that I talk about.
So imagine if you were in various places at the same time. What would that be?
How would your consciousness act if you were described in space?
There's another part of the story.
And that's when we heat it, and we turned the lights and we looked inside the box, we saw that the metal was still there in a single piece.
And I could get to this new intuition -- apparently all of the objects in the elevator actually are only quantum objects that are just made in a small space.
You hear a lot about the quantum mechanics that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are. And that's the deep race of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amitish.
And 18 months ago I did another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to do it.
It took me 18 months.
Many negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums in nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on sleep.
There are lots of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide and this is the access.
I grew up in India.
Good education -- I didn't complain -- but I didn't have access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible through technology.
So we formed a team, a big team of people, and we started doing it.
Better than it shows the demo and then explain a couple of interesting things that we've carried out from its launch.
So, just go to Google.
Look around all the museums that there are.
There's the Obama gallery gallery, MoMA, the Greenhand, the Russia, the Google van Google.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorite, the Metropolitan, the New York art museum.
There are two ways to do that -- very simple.
We click and, "memb: we're already inside the museum.
It doesn't matter where you are, Bombay, Microsoft, that doesn't really matter.
You move around and you're fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum.
We open the flat up, and, with one click, we jumped in.
They're inside, you want to go at the end of the passion.
Go ahead and get divided."
They explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings, "The Coldness Burns Country in the Metalaka.
I see the sign +.
If the museum shows you the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all metabolism information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click up here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the giant technology.
So this image, for example, contains it, about 10 billion pieces.
And there are many people who ask me, "What do you get with 10 billion parks?
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pieces.
It can run around very simple.
You see things that are fun to happen.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really wanted to depressed.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said, "A moment, this seems interesting.
I went into and discovered that the kids were actually playing something.
I did a little research, talking to some of the Metropolis people, and I actually discovered that this is a game called "non-service, which is to hit an eye with a standard of the Carnegie Mars.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper and see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to move away the image, so you see really what's there.
This is where we are, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to quickly jump to MoMA in New York.
Here's another one from my favorite, "The Night Star."
The example I showed you was to find details.
But what if you want to see the pickles?
What if you want to see how Google Gogh actually created this teacher?
It goes up and really do it.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is "The Nibert Night: I think I had never seen it before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There's a lot of things here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part. It's called collections."
All of you, absolutely everyone, doesn't matter whether it's rich or poor, or if you have a manipulation, that gives you the same.
You can online it online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we go -- I've created this function that I call the power of the end," we just made a zoo around.
It's about "The Edistons at the National Gallery in London.
You can analyze things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel about contemplating these master works.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all the amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even come from museums either.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital means make justice to your work of art, and it's represented properly online.
And the big question that they ask me today is, "You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum.
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's it. Thank you.
Thank you.
Good evening.
I have something to show you.
Think it's a pillar, a flying park.
In our lab, we call it sensitive design.
Let me tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm from Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow up with this picture on the wall of their bedroom. But the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting happened in Formula 1 in the last two decades.
And then some time ago, if you wanted to earn a formula from Formula 1, you took a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
If the car and the pilot were good enough, you won the race.
This is what in engineering is called a real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components -- a sensor and an access.
Now what's interesting today is that the real-time control systems are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, over the last few years, have been covered by networks and electronics.
They are becoming open computers.
And as such, they're starting to respond differently and can be detected and accessible.
To address cities is big.
As a note you can see, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex but represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- and up to 80 percent of the CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all of these warps and activists are entering our everyday objects.
This is from an exhibition of Palestin Anthony for year at MoMA, during the summer.
It's called Taliban Uncle The Hollywood."
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
It's kind of like all existing atoms became sensors and actives.
And that's completely changing interaction that we as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like the old dream of Miloson Angeles.
You know, when Michelangelo angel sculpted Mosha, he says that at the end he took the hammer, and threw it into the Moses -- you can still see a little move under -- and he said to say, "Perfect notice speakers? Why don't you talk about?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples.
Let's start with detecting it.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer hopefully in 2006.
It was the year where Italy won the World Cup, right?
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the end Zichagase gave the head.
And anyway, at the end of the world in Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day looking at the activity of the network.
Here we see the city.
You see the Collin in the middle and the Tibet River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time of time is at the top.
For the afternoon, there are people over here and there making calls moving around.
It starts the party," silence.
Gold de France. Gold of Italy.
Enterprise, people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time. End of the regulation time.
First extra time, second.
Zipcar, and in a moment, the head.
winning Italy, yeah.
That night everybody was going to celebrate it to the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day everybody went to the center of the winning team and the prime minister at the time.
And then everybody went down.
You see the picture of the place called Circus Massach where, from the romantic time, people are going to celebrate. It's a great party, you can see the peak at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we wouldn't have been able to do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things that we use, and we consume it.
Today, we know everything about the process of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac confused -- how they assemble it.
But we know very little about where things are.
So in this project, we developed small tags to track the garbage in its destruction for the system.
We started with the volunteers that helped us in Seattle just over a year ago, to tag out what they were throwing out, different kinds of things, as you can see, things that you would anyway.
And then we put a little chip, a tag -- to the garbage and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
Participate from Seattle.
after a week.
So with this information, we realized that there are lots of ineffective in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
This is data that didn't exist.
They're complicated things and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we think is that if we see every day that the cup that we throw doesn't disappear, it's still somewhere on the planet.
And that if the plastic bottle that we throw on a day is still there.
That if we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assock Biomobia, could tell us a lot more about detection and many great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to act on the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple of years ago.
It all started with a question of the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public spaces, in architecture.
And the question was, how can technology can, new technology, will join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop was, imagine that you have a fall and values, solar valve valve -- lengths that are open and closed.
It is created as a water curtain.
If you fall, you can write the pixels in them, show patterns, images, text.
And by the way, the curtain will open up so that we can go by, as you see in the picture.
We presented this to the mayor Bell.
He liked a lot.
And I set up a commission to design the building to the entrance of the Expost.
We call it the Digital Water Paland.
The whole building is made of water.
There are no doors or windows, but when you look at it you open up so you can go through.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little bit of wind, if you want to minimize the salienies, it goes down the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all architecture away, like in this case.
Those days, there will always be someone, in the winter when the roof down, someone who was there and said, "Do you demonstrate the building.
No, it's not that they have demonstrated it, but when it comes down almost all architecture goes away.
This is working.
You see people who are intrigued by what's going on.
And here I am trying to not move by testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All the children in Zander came to the building, because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let us go, but a building that kept making short and holes of water and you had to jump to not get wet.
(Audience noises) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people will give to our designs.
But then reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pills, the water pixels and of projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud moving in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter -- like the one we saw earlier, it moves with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
It's a kind of flexible screen like this with normal settings in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pills.
You can play with a different kind of guy.
Imagine that the screen appears at different scales and size, in different types of resolution.
And then that all of that could be a 3D cloud on which you can zoom in, and go through it, and see from very diverse angle.
This is the real controlled Florida, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light lights up, you see this. The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bull -- one of the world's greatest ballet dancers today, the Metropolitan Star in New York City, to capture their 3D movements and use them as input for the Florida.
So here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left you see the pills, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D divergence in real time as motion capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can go all the way.
And once we have the pixels we can play with them, with color and movement and gravity and rotation with gravity.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project we're working on.
This is something for the London Olympics.
It's called La Neil.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could engage people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud glass -- like a grain crime, but with a cloud.
Imagine we could make everybody donated a little bit for a piece.
And I think what's remarkable in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we go from physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, of the self-interest power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may be able to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address the challenges of today, think about climate change or CO2 emissions. How do you move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people become involved in doing this together, in a collective way.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the actual cloud is a particle cloud.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud they're picks.
It's a physical structure in London, but it covered from pills.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
It can be seen from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the Olympics of 2012 and even more, and it can be used as a form of connection to the community.
So it's so much a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can get there.
Like if it was a new digital train at night, but most importantly, it's going to be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than what they are?
Suppose I told them that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better ways, to be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and safe of themselves?
How about living with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who wanted to be more creative.
What would you want most of it?
What would you like if you could choose something?
Audience: creativity. Creative.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand. Let me see.
few. It probably was because of the number of creative people present.
That's really good.
How many would you choose memory.
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
How about longevity.
Oh, most people, that makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of these things the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination.
Or maybe it's possible?
Evolution has been a supply issue here at the TED conference, but today I want to give you a look at a doctor on the subject.
The great genome of the 20th century, TEDTalk Dukenovic, who also communicated at the Orthouse Russia Church, wrote a trial called "Nothing in biology that makes sense to the light of evolution.
But if you effectively accept biological evolution to consider this, it's just the past, or the future?
Does it mean each other or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch -- well at an extreme is, of course, the one that interests us.
We derived from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
In the interval, there have been maybe 20 or 25 different species of hominids in there.
Some have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years old.
It might seem to be far away from other parts of this tree of life, but actually mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can leverage and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of human insulin that is used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin -- but it's the same protein, chemically individual, that comes out of the pancreas out.
And by talking about bacteria -- they realize that we all take the most bacteria in the most bacteria than the cells that we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe maybe 10 times more.
I mean, think -- when Antonio Damasky is asking you to do the autonomy of the autonomy, you think of bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's dark, dark. Here, it's very cool.
And we're going to provide all of the nutrients that they might want without effort from their part.
It really is like a quick pathway for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force operation to the output.
But for the other, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they're essential for our life.
They help digest essential nutrients and protect us from certain diseases.
But what stops the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or do you destined to become something different, perhaps better adapted to the environment?
In this vast inclusive symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief compound -- the animal kingdom, as one and only companies -- and human life, a little note.
That was us.
And it was also the kind of part of this talk, so I hope you've enjoyed it.
When I was recently entering college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the choice and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental -- in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every single cell is divided and all the genetic energy of that cell is transmitted to the two daughters.
But when multicellular organisms show up, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important, with the emergence of sexual reproduction that goes through the genome, the rest of the body becomes preserved.
In fact, you could say that the inevitable of death of death in the body goes into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to convince you that when I was a college student, I thought, well, September, September, death -- it seemed pretty reasonable at that time, but with every year that I went on, every time I had more doubt.
I got to understand the feelings of George Burns, who still acted in Las Vegas in their 90 years.
And one night someone hits their hotel door on their door.
He opens the door.
You find it in front of him and find a magnetic bank bank of clothes.
He looks at it and says, "Go to search for a sex of sex.
"Oh, he says, "Good, I choose the soup."
I realized, as a doctor, I was working on a different goal to the goal of evolution, not necessarily differently, just different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to stay healthy.
I wanted to recover health in the disease.
I wanted us to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is going to pass the genome to the next generation, adapting and survival after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like refugee rockets designed to send the genetic load to the next orbital level, and then leave the sea.
I think we all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said, "I don't want to get the immortality through my work.
I want to do it not die."
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the stronger or the faster and even the smartest one.
Evolution favors the best adapted creatures to its environment.
That's the only test of survival and success.
In the bottom of the ocean, the federal bacteria that can survive the food of the formulations that would produce, if there were fish there, weighed to the cow, yet they've managed to make that a corner environment.
So what does this mean when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we come back to think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if you look forward to the face of the next phase I would say there are many possibilities.
The first is that we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, first of all, we've been able to preserve a lot of genes that would otherwise have been disconnected and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as as a species, we have confirmed our environment to adapt to us as well as us as we get to it.
And by the way, we migrated, and we become so excited that it is no longer possible to have the isolation required for evolution.
A second possibility is that a traditional evolution evolution is produced by the forces of nature.
And the argument here would be, that the gears of evolution are going to be destroyed, but they're non-zero-sum.
And as soon as we think of immediate planets, when we talk about distant planets there are going to be the isolation and the environmental changes that can produce the evolution in natural ways.
But there is a third possibility -- an attractive possibility and intriguing and frightening.
The name of neurotransmitter, the new evolution, which is not simply natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in decisions that we will take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we do this?
First of all, consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more trains than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's elected on the individual and family level.
And think also that if you were possible to be able to choose not just the sex of your offspring.
What if we could make the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce the risk of cancer or remove apple?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in their genes.
If you look at the future, that kind of change is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demands 13 years.
It cost 2.7 billion dollars.
The next year of having finished, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three or four months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome at a cost close to the 20,000 and a week.
Not a lot to make the human genome become reality for 1,000 and getting more and more to the scope of all.
Those changes.
The same technology that has produced human insulin in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us but they're going to induce immune against other viruses.
Believe it or there's no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against the including influence cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine a good thing that comes out of the baby?
That's reality today and in the future it's going to be more and more possible.
Imagine then just two other changes changes."
Can you change your bodies, but if they could change the cells of your descent?
And if they could change the sperm and the vulnerable, or change the newly film, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, remove heroine, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children.
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to adopt surgeons -- a better memory.
Why not have the ingenuity of a Ken Jenny especially if you could increase the next generation of the Watson machine.
Why not have a faster control muscle that allows us to run faster and more distant?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be irritating.
And when we're in conditions of spending this to the next generation, and we could adopt the attributes that we wanted to have turned before the neuroscience of before.
We're going to take a process that would normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happened within the next 100 years.
These are choices that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have to have them.
Are we going to use these options in pursuit of a better society, more considered society?
Or, are we going to choose selectively different attributes that we want for some of us but not for the others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more regretting and more verbal?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And the deeper thing about all, we're going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit the wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely make?
For good or worse, and before what I might think, these choices are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a great explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a motor making click, click, click.
Clark, click, click, click, click.
Well, I had a unique seat that day -- I was sitting in the 12.
It was the only one who could talk to flight assistants.
So immediately I looked at them, and they said, "No problem. We probably beat some birds."
The pilot had already seen the plane, and we were not so far.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot lined the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
The engines off.
Imagine being on a plane and no noise.
And then three words.
The three most passionate words I've ever heard.
He said, "Pressure for the impact."
I didn't have to talk more about flight assistant.
I could see it in his eyes.
It was terror. Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things that I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in a second.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get and didn't, all the fences that I wanted to repair -- all the experiences I've wanted to have and never had.
While I was thinking about it later on, I was a sentence -- which is, "Collection came bad with me."
Because if the wine is ready and the person is there, I'm going to open it.
I don't want to show anything in life.
And that organization, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing I learned that day -- and this is as we avoid the George Washington Bridge Bridge Britain, which was not a lot -- I thought about, Wood, I really feel a great step.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity, I've been trying to improve all I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I regret the time that I wasted in things that didn't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my relationship with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a media in that, I decided to eliminate the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonderful.
I don't try to be right. I choose to be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is kind of like your mental clock goes down, 15, 14, 13: 13."
You see the water.
I'm saying, "Please fly around.
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documents.
And as we went down, I had the feeling of, World, I don't fear fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go. I love my life.
And that sadness became a single thought, which is, just desire one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- yet.  And I scream, cry, like a little bit.
And to me, that was all of being the world.
And at that point, I understood by connecting those two points, which the only thing that matters in my life is being a great parent.
For all, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I became a miracle of not dying that day.
And I came up with another gift, which was the ability to look at the future and come back and live differently.
You who are flying today, challenge them to imagine that the same thing happens on your plane -- and please don't like that -- but imagine -- and how do you change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever always?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, they're being the best parents that they can."
Thank you.
Clearly, I've been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great one I worked on was for this guy.
The guy is called TEDGlobali.
TEDGlobal was one of the most important graffiti of the 1980s.
One day he got to his house after running and said, "Dad, I feel a gigantic in the legs.
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Now TEDTalk has a total paralysis, right?
It can only use your eyes.
His work influenced me.
I have a design company, so obviously graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided we were going to sponsor Tony and TEDGlobal, and to his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and her father and I said, "We're going to give you this money.
What are you going to do with him?
And his brother said, "I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him, and he's able to communicate with me."
And I said, "A second, not that I saw Stephen Hawking -- it's not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices?
And he said, "No, unless you are somebody important, and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people."
And I said, "Well, how do you communicate then?
Anybody to see the film "The Estract and the Mark?
They communicate that way -- they are dying with the finger.
I said, "That's architecture. How can it be?
So I showed up with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that didn't have the slightest idea of how I was going to cover it.
He committed to me with her brother and her father there at that moment, "All right, so this is the treatment: Tony is going to speak, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to go back to the again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside their own can't communicate it."
So I spoke at a conference a couple of months later.
I met these guys called GGA Reservation Research Reservation," who have a technology that allows you to project a light on any surface, and then with a laser score, they draw on that and record negative space.
So they go around making art facilities like this.
All the things that show up, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the Bashauger attacks and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in his presentation.
And so the journey began.
And about two years later, about a year later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving things from one side we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine so that TEDTalk could communicate -- a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun. I call it York because when you talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say, "I don't deserve it. This guy is fantastic."
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world -- literally from all the corners on the planet -- to our home.
My wife, the kids and I moved to the back garage and these hackers and programmers and consultants and anti-school took control of the house.
Many of our friends thought we did something completely stupid and that when we went back to the squares of the walls and instead there would be graffiti on the wall.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the March shop in Venice, my son was part of my dog, and we created this.
It's called Eyelage "Scratch, NG, and you can see description.
This is a pair of cheap sun glasses that we buy in the Venter Beach, some copper wire and things from Homer Department and Radio Shake.
We took a PSF camera, we open it, we put it on a light of LED, and now there's a device which is free -- it builds yourself -- we publish the code free -- the software is going down free.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says, "No."
There's no hospital that can say no."
Anyone with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much for you. That was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks, we went back to TEDGlobal room.
I love this picture because this is a person's room and that's his room.
There was all this bust and alphabet during the great opening.
And after over a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions of all night, Tony came back to drawing for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of his life and it's looking through the support system of his life.
We ran the bed so I could see.
And we put a project on a wall from the outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and you can imagine what the feeling in parking was.
The funny thing was that we had to grow up in the parking lot, so we felt like we were reading graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email and this was what he was like, "This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I'd been under the water, and someone finally came to rescue me and pulled me out there so I could breathe."
Isn't it wonderful?
It's sort of our war screaming of war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing it.
And we have a long way to go back with this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a screen Manhattan.
Somebody with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and do it faster and robust.
Since then, we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free, none of us are making money with this.
Everything comes out of our own pockets.
The prizes were the prizes" -- "Oh, this is fantastic.
Armstrong tweets something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventors in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best thing about all of this -- and this is what ends up closing the circle, is that in April this year at the MRI Gulf in downtown Los Angeles there's going to be an exhibition called Art in the Streets."
And Art in the Streets is going to have the best experts of urban art Bank, Sherm Farder, CANO, all of them are going to be there.
TEMTPAR is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that is not possible, make it possible.
Nothing in this room was possible -- the computer, the computer, the microphone, the Schullan, nothing was possible at a certain time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I did nothing with ocular recognition, I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people so that I could make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we have to do -- if it's not now, when -- and if you're not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a little dangerous.
I went to jail. difficult.
I worked on a coal mine.
I filmed in areas of war -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days of eating this -- fun at first, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in much of my career I've been immersed in situations in horrible appearance with the only goal of trying to look at social issues in ways that turn out attractive, interesting, and hopefully analyze them in a way that looked interconnected and accessible for the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to make a TEDTalk about the brand of brands and the path I wanted to do something a little different.
So you may have heard of it, or you may not have heard a couple weeks ago, I took an air a couple of weeks ago.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, I offered the rights of the name of my 21st-based TEDTalk.
What had been the following: "And the U.S. Stice President presented, my TEDTalk that you have no idea what this is about and in content could exploit it in the face, especially if I put it in ridiculous to you or your company when you do it.
But it said this, it's a very good medical opportunity.
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
Thank you.
It's a title in progress, by the way.
So even though I knew that somebody was going to buy the rights of the name.
If you had asked me a year ago, I would not have been able to describe them with certainty.
But in the new film that I'm working on, we removed the world of the marketing of advertising.
And as I said before, I've gotten into horrible situations over the last few years, but nothing could be prepared me, nothing could be anticipated, for something that is so dangerous or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a film.
Morgan Supplie: I want to make a film that deals with the collection of products and marketing and advertising, and the whole film is funded by production and marketing and advertising.
The film is going to call the largest film ever sold.
What happens in "The biggest big movie ever sells is that everything up at the bottom, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time -- from authority that appears before the title -- the X brand X.
Now this brand, Chimborazz Stanford, the Start Center.
These people will be associated by the film to perpetrator forever.
And so the film explores all this idea -- "Michin Kashtums: It's reduced. Is it?
I'm a representative weight. MK: I just say that. It was more for an affection.
It was "Perfect forever."
But we're not just going to have the X-ray pattern in the title but we are going to make sure we can put out all the categories we could in the film.
Maybe we sell a shoe and becomes the most great shoe that you used to use.
the most great car you've been driving in "The largest most eventually selling, the best tragedy you have drank -- corresponds of "The largest most eventually selling.
Japanese Kohlawon: The idea is then in addition to showing brands as part of life, making them fund the film? (Music: making the film fund the film -- MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this film.
That's the whole idea, all the film from beginning to end.
And I would love to help you make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that -- it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Whoa! However, I don't know how reception is going to be the people to that.
JK: You have a perspective. I don't know if "Angelo's very negative, but you know how it's going to reproduce? MS: No idea. David Cohen: How much money is it takes to do this?
MS: One million and a half million -- DS: Very good. John Kamen: I think it's going to be hard to meet them but it certainly is going to convince a couple of big brands.
JK: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we see them as a lot of joy.
MS: What do you think is going to be the response?
Stuart Rushidate: Most of the answers will be no."
MS: But it's going to be hard to sell it, for the film or to be I?
JK: Both of them.
MS: -- it means you're not very optimistic.
So you help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right. MK: Okay. Awesome.
MK: We have to think about what the brands are.
MS: Yeah. MK: That's the challenge: When you look at people that you have to deal with.
MK: We have some places to go. MS: Okay. Turn out the camera.
MS: He thought that "The camera meant we have a conversation out of microphone.
Turn out the camera means "We don't want to know anything about your film.
MS: And so it was, one of these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to have anything to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything about this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, was to present the product to as many people as possible, to get so many people to see it as possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and the separate media scenario, is not the idea to have that new worthy vehicle vehicle that's going to bring the message to the mass?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, that my idea had a screen mistake, and that mistake was this.
Actually, there was no mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been fine.
But the problem was what this image.
See, when you look for transportation images in Google --  -- this is one of the first images that comes out.
I like the way you like, Sergey Brin. No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable -- which is characterized by the visibility or the action of information, especially in business practices -- the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians are name, the president of the name, even the CEOs that name them.
But all of a sudden when it's trying to make it something change suddenly changes.
But why? Well, the transparency is fear --  -- like that weird bear that is still putting up.
It's unpredictable.   Like this rare rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that risky?
Take a whole bowl of Coke Wikipedia.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to the companies and saying that we wanted to tell this story and said, "No, we want you to tell a story.
We want you to tell a story, but tell us our story."
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me in some lie -- and there he is he looked like he used to do it, he said, "Son, there's three sides in every story.
There's your story, there's my story, and there's the real story.
As you can see, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency wanting to help me -- and that's just because I knew John Bond and Richard Kiribati of many years -- I realized that I would have to go on my own, I would have to take out of the middle and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to warn you suddenly -- what I started to realize -- is that when you start to talk to companies with the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies, like mine.
And my friends who make big, hot Hollywood movies say that the reason their movies are so successful is due to associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say, "Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies of Hollywood movies?
And the movie is called "The largest biggest movie ever selling.
How are we going to see Bang specifically in the movie.
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my bottle, you'll see the descendant Bank.
Any time during an interview with someone I can say, "Are you very cool for this interview interview?
You're ready? You see you a little nervous.
I want to help you get calm out.
Maybe you should put a little bit of this before the interview.
And that's one of these fabulous arms.
So much Fossil Fossil as Parasites Venetian are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid to bottle, in bars, whatever.
That's the general look.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a paradigm look.
Karen Frank," we're a small brand.
So similar to the kind of smaller movies you ever say, we are rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that you have other brands have.
So doing things like that, you know, remembering the people -- is the reason why this interests us.
MS: What words would you use to describe Bank?
Ban is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Volunteer: Terrorism technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something you put in the alert.
Man: We talked about something audacious -- cool.
I think "French is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus company and sweat.
You keep it fresh.
How do we keep you frustrated more time? With better failure, the more fresh, three times more fresh.
Things like those who are solving the benefits.
MS: And that's a multi-tenther company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the street man, people like me, the ordinary Pepsis.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your mark?
Man: My mark?
I don't know.
I like a good clothing.
Woman: revive the '80s, Paul punched unless it's day of washing day.
MS: All right, what is Gero-Ruman brand.
Green: Something unique. (Music: Nich." Man: I guess the type of gender, the style that I have would be a dark glamour."
I like dark colors, a lot of gray and things like that.
I usually carry access like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar ones.
Woman: If Dan was a brand could be a classic conversation, Mercedal Benjamin.
Man 2: The brand I am, would call it a hot flight.
Woman 2: In part hippie -- in part hypothesis, in part girl, Brownena, I don't know.
Man 3: I'm the kind of maps.
You see toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: Marc five-second Marc 5."
Is that something?
Adambo, I'm a lawyer.
Tom Tom, I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be Tom March, but I often rank on the intersection of dark glamour and car flight.
I realized I needed an expert.
I needed somebody who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the brand personality.
And I found a company called Olympic Zallarian in Pittsburgh.
They helped the companies like New Federal, February, Halluarty to discover that personality.
If you could do it for them, they could surely do it for me.
Abbit" are transportation, right?
MS: Yeah. The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feel your way to be.
MS: These people model my view of looking at the world.
A: Tell me about that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and start in a place and in my case they originated and start in my family, Western Virginia.
A: What's the next one that you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is "This was the best day of my life."
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feel and your way of being it?
MS: It's like who I want to be me.
I like different things.
I like weird things. I like weird things.
A: Tell me why -- why do you serve that?
What's the male? So what phase of puppet you find now?
Why is it important to reinforce? What does the red mean?
Tell me a little bit about that.
A little bit more than you, which is not who you are.
What other metaphors have had you have?
You don't have to be fear. What kind of a Russian mountain are you?
MS: Aye Aye."  Thank you. No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience, (Music: Great job. A, yes. MS: Thank you very much. All right.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to come out of this.
There was a lot of crazy in all this.
Linux Zallaria: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides of it, but complicated in your brand personality. Morgare Super Mirror is a conscious framework.
They spread very well together.
And I think there's almost a paradox in them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend -- and it's human nature -- to avoid the things that they're not sure -- they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually actually get a little positive for you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic one, Apple.
And you can see also here, Wage, Minister, Minister Cooper and Kibera.
There are now local marks and conscious brands -- those things that you've gone and come from, but a particular brand is pretty powerful.
MS: A big computer. What's your mark?
If someone asked you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality -- what would it be?
Are you a scary attribute? You're somebody who makes blood flow?
Or are you rather a disaster attribute?
A little bit more calming, a bit more calming, responsible.
The accessible attributes are like being fridge to be cool as the Prince, contemporary control, adventurous, bold or bold like Eric Flank, fast or gial, professor, dominant, magic or mystic like Gandhi.
Or are you rather from anti-depression?
Are you aware about 700?
Are you settled, traditional -- provider, protection protection with Opera?
Are you reliable, stable, familiar, confident, safe, sandwich, personalized or wise, like the Dalai Lama or York?
In the course of this film, we had over 500 companies, and assistant and disaster, who said, "No."
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they wouldn't have control, they wouldn't have control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neuroscientist, and we got to tell the story in this film of how magnetic resonance now uses to identify the centers of desire in the brain as much as for cinema as well.
We went to San Paulo where they have banned free advertising advertising.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no valleys, no posters, no flyings, nothing.
And we went to school districts in which business is making way in schools in the U.S. in the U.S.
The incredible thing to me is that the projects in which I've had the greatest answer, or I've been more successful in the ones I've interacted with things directly.
And that's what these marks did.
They took the interpretations, they took out their agencies, and they said, maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal with the artist.
I'm going to work with him to create something different, something that will make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did you have gone? Did they succeed.
Well, since the film is in the Sunshine Festival -- let's take a look.
According to Burroughs the film are in January -- and since then, -- and this is not all -- we've had 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a couple of weeks and a half.
That's just online -- no press, no TV.
The film is still not distributed yet.
It's still not online. It's not in stranger.
It's not even presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already started to win impulse.
And it's not bad because almost all the agencies that we talked about was advise to their clients not to be part.
I've always believed that if you risk you, if you take risks in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, you're pushing them to failure.
I think when you train your employees at the risk to risk it's preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We need to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities that can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give it to the fear.
We have to put that bear on a cage.
Let's get the fear. We get the risk.
From one cardiologist at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And in definition, we need to make the transparency.
Today, more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to run a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all my talk "We are actually presented by my good friends of EM who for 7,000 bought the rights of the name of Ebola.
EM: becoming big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
EM: We are an E=MC the Transportation."
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan in behalf of transparency, which happened exactly with those 7.7"
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket I have a check at the name of the matrix organization of TED, the Safetar Foundation, a cap for 7,000 to be applied to my TED assistant for the next year.
The idea behind the Stateship computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the U.K. incarceration plant in Natalie.
The gray boxes that you see are systems of real time.
If we get to compromise these systems that control speeds and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centimeter.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software -- they're a completely different technology.
But if we managed to put Windows in an effective computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Sputnik.
We started with a Windows installed installation.
The original board income the gray box, damaged the center, and the Iranian nuclear program is demonstrated.
It's easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started researching about Stable six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that was known is that it's very, very complex in the Windows part of the Windows multiple driver vulnerabilities.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That was called the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stanford and we saw what happened to this.
And so pretty strange things.
Stevenson was behaving like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese -- he smelled it, but I didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese cables, I realized, and I thought, this is a targeted attack.
It's completely digital.
The install is actively searching on the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, Stanford does nothing.
So that called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought. We don't know what the goal is.
It could be, say, for example, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
Better than we would discover the goal soon.
So we went through and we took the attack code, and we discovered that it was structured in two digital bombs -- a small and a big one.
We also saw that they were armed very deeply by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They know all the points that I attack for.
You probably even know how much the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stanford installation is complex and high technology, let me tell you, the load is very complex.
It's very above everything we've seen before.
Here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about 15 thousand lines of code.
It looks pretty much like the old unimaginable language.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking for initially were called the system functions because we know what they do.
We then look for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate to the real world, with objective potential in the real world.
We need the theories of destiny that we can approve or dispose.
To get to the theories of goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent satisfact, it must be a valuable white, and it's certainly located in Iran, because the majority of infections have been represented.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the Bush energy plant and the National National Recording plant.
So I said to my assistant, "I'm a list of all the experts in centriffs and energy plants between our clients.
I called them and I consulted them in an effort for bringing their experience with what we found in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital original with the control of the rotor control.
The rotor is that mobile part of the centimeter, that black object that you see.
If you manage the speed of this robot, you certainly can break it out and even make the center explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to slow it slowly and discover in an effort to go back to the mental engineers, so that they couldn't solve this very quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital original by looking very closely at data and its structures.
So for example, the number 165 supply in that code, can't be obvious.
So I started researching scientific literature on how these centers are built in Nataliel and found that they're structured in what is called a capital, and each waterfall contains 164 centimeters.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centries in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we found in the attack codes.
It's almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had in the hands.
So that there was no manipulators, it wasn't like this.
The results have been obtained after several weeks of hard work.
We routinely ended up in calming ends. And we had to start again.
And yet, we found that both digital computers pointed to one and the same goal, but from different angle.
And the small original is taking a waterfall and making the Roots and really reaching them, and the big emissions communicate with six caps and manipulating valves.
In sum we are very confident that we have determined what's the destiny.
It's Natal, and it's just Natalie.
We shouldn't worry that other goals are achieved by Stanford.
Here I show some very interesting things that we saw here, really impressed me.
There's the gray box there, and it looks like the centers on top of it.
What this thing does is to intercept the values of input from sensors for example, from pressure sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false input data.
And believe it or not, this false input data is made by Stanford.
It's like in the Hollywood movies, where, during the robot, the security camera has been fed out of predictable.
Is it great that that?
The idea here is obviously not only to break the operator in the control room.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the great steam turbine goes to speed, you have to open up spines of escape in a millisecond.
Obviously, this can't do it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when they're committed -- then they can pass things wrong.
The plant can exploit it.
And the operations nor the security system will notice it.
That scares that.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this. This attack is a generic attack.
It has nothing to do specifically, specifically, with urban encryption.
It could work too, for example, in an energy plant.
It's great.
And you don't have a attackers -- which will disseminate this burden with a USB key.
You could also use consumer conventional technology to disseminate it.
So let me disseminate the most possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a crash of mass destruction.
That's the consequence we have to face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of goals for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and in Japan.
All the green areas are spaces with large numbers of goals.
We need to face the consequences and better than we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ratio, it has been made in many sides that people assume that the Mossteream is the main entities behind this.
What's your opinion.
Ralph Langle: Okay, you really want to hear this?
Yeah. Okay.
My view is that Moschen is involved, but the engine is not Israel."
The engine behind this is cyber survival.
There's one alone, and that's the United States -- fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even greater.
CA: Thank you for making me angry. Thank you, Ralley.
I want you to imagine a robot that can be led and give a subjective skill or another one that makes wheelchair users get up and walk again.
In Berkeley, Biomi is called these robots, exclusive.
They're nothing different from something you put in the morning, and it gives you a big force and also increase your speed, and help you, for example, to drive the balance.
It's actually the true integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it with the universe and with other external entertainments.
This is not a strange idea.
To show you now what we're working on, we begin to talk about American soldier that, on average, it has to take on their back a 45-foot load of 45 pounds, and it's demanding to take even more equipment.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of the soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to control this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help handle the issue.
Let me introduce you to the HP1C -- or Port Carlers Universal Human Cartoon.
Soldier: With the Explosion Highlands I can run 90 pounds on variable land for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put in cultures and run and execute movements with great agenda.
It perceives what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Ethiopia Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner to produce this device, this new exoskeleton this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
Now let's go back to the usual wheelchair users, about what I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair chairs around the world.
Like one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation here.
We talk about something that happens very often, very young people, with damage in the vertical column that when they start their life -- at 20, 30 or 40 years -- they hit a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that is available quickly.
His only option, many times -- by a brain injury, or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been like this for the last 500 years, from their successful appearance as I must recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter about mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM who is using Amanda Boylems that 19 years ago had a lesion in the spine column, and as a result could not be able to walk back for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Boltz: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELAM, which I mentioned.
He has some sensors.
completely non-governmental in the molecules that send signals to the edge computer, here on the back.
So here are some batteries that give power to the motors on the hip.
AB: I was 24 years old at the top of my life when, by a strange jump in the air, skiing it down on a paralysis.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and everything movement on the bottom down.
Shortly later, a doctor went into my room in the hospital, and he said, "Amazon, you'll never walk.
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole until the last fishing of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, has allowed me to learn to be soldier down on the corner, climb rocks and even ride in a hand.
But they haven't invented anything that allows me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change future generations -- not just of soldiers, but to Amanda and all the users of wheelchair camels, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just come back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the battery, practice sex to say hello and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of Man Archiven, or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, meet their cousins.
This is the world of the wild Bonobos of Congo.
Bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives, closest together.
That means we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother that lived about six million years ago.
Now, chimpanzees are known for their agriculture.
But unfortunately, we've done too much hippie in this aspect of our narratives of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by big, terrifying guys, the Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where lethal violence is still not observed yet.
But unfortunately, the bonobos are the least understood.
They live in the depths of the rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
Congo is a paradox. There's a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the triangle itself -- stage from a violent conflict that has been made for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
No wonder that this destruction is also putting the survival of the Bonobo.
The meat of meat of hunting and deforestation makes it can't be fulfilled or a stadium with the bonobos that stay in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure of it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos.
Who are these cousins.
We know them as love saying, "No war, because they have frequent sex and pressure and bisexual to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity because Bonobos life is more than the Kame Survey.
The bonobos like humans, like humans, love playing throughout their entire life.
Play is not just a child's game.
For us, and for them, play is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance, the tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and it has to do with the generation of diversity of diversity -- diversity of interactions, behavior diversity, connections of connections.
And when you look at the government game you see the evolutionary roots of laughter and dance and human ritual.
The game is the glue that binds us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique records from the wild medium.
First of all, it's a binary ball game, and I don't talk about football ...
Here is a female and a young male in the middle of a persecution here.
Look at what she is doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase, "You've got it from the balls."
I just think that in this case, he loves it, right?
Yeah.
So sexual game is common both in Bonobos like humans.
And this video really is interesting because it shows -- this video really is interesting because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play -- like the testicles -- and also how play requires trust and promotes trust, and at the same time it's the most fun.
But the game is political.
The game is political, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more trust, imagination, curious, maybe the place where the awe is reduced.
And I want you to see -- this is Fueks, a young female who's playing with water called water.
I think, like it sometimes plays alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and outer worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, and then the unexpected connections that form are the real seed of creativity.
These are just small samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to a increasingly difficult world with greater creativity and more cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, the game is our adaptive command.
To successfully adapt to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our playing capacity to play?
Play is not fragile.
Play is essential.
For biolumines and humans alike, life is not just cruel and disparity.
When it seems less appropriate to play, they can be the moments that it's the most urgent thing.
So for that, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible to develop a nonprofit organization called Robin Howard.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combine fires as a captain of captain in a volunteer bombsight.
And in our city, where volunteers are complicated to a highly skilled staff you have to get to the bottom of the fire very soon to go into action.
I remember my first income.
I was the second volunteer on the site, so I had a pretty high probability of going.
But there was still a race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the charge in charge and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain -- I was stuck in a conversation with the property that certainly went through one of the worst days of his life.
We were in the middle of the night, she was standing out in the rain, under a parasite, a paradigm, driver, while his house was on fire.
The other volunteer that I had just arrived before I was -- let's say Lee Luther --  came first to the captain and he asked him to go into and save the dog from the owner home.
The dog." I was so celebrity."
There he was a lawyer or a money gesture which, for the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I went into a building in a call to save a live being only because I won me for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a device.
He said, "Betries, I need to get into the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and I brought it to this woman a pair of shoes.
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I was hoping for, but I was -- I went -- I got the stairs -- at the end of the hallway -- I went to the real firemen that that height was sort of finished off holding the fire and went into the main room for a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my burden back to the staircase where I met my Native Nations, and the precious dog on the main door.
We pulled out of the house the test for the home owner where, as an age of waiting, his test got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department got a letter from the owner of the house thank you for the brave effort demonstrated to save his house.
The kindness she watched over the other was that someone had reached him even a couple of shoes.
And so much in my voice in Robin Hood, as my voice as a volunteer pump -- I am a witness of generosity and kindness on a monumental scale, but also grace acts and courage.
And you know what I've learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look in this room to people who have achieved or are in this room -- remarkable levels of success -- I'd like to remind you this: Don't wait.
Don't wait for the first million to make the difference in somebody's life.
If you have something to give you now.
They serve food in a dining dining company, clean a particular park.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the chance to save somebody's life, but every day we're going to be able to influence somebody's life.
So you go into the game, save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, back.
Mark Beats, Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I'm a great fan of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks of concrete were produced in 1886 with a very simple idea: cement modules that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used construction unit in the world.
They have allowed us to build bigger things than we, like buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, to LED came up with this.
He was called a self-assembly fragment.
And in a few years, the LIGO gang came to every home.
It's estimated that they've been made over 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridge, buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
LED simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and it became a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to address the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic brick with each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows you to create much greater and more complex circuits.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept it, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Litclas.
I'm going to show you how they work.
Litclas are electronic modules each with a specific function.
They're predicted to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they join through magnets together.
So you can't put it in a wrong way.
The bricks have a color code.
Green is the salary, the blue is the stream, the pink is the input and the orange color is the clap.
So you just have to assemble a blue with a green one, and very quickly you can start to make circuits bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle and so we have a regulators there.
If we change the button for a pulse module. It's here, and now we have an interface light.
We added this fish to create more impact, and we have a noise.
So I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Lituarists are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program and connecting and solid, Lituaris allows us to program using very simple intuitive gesture.
In order to get faster or slower down, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Lithocho is that it's a growing collection.
We want all of the interactions in the world down to brick ready to use.
Lucilities, sound, solar panels, motors, everything must be accessible.
We have given Lituaris to kids play with them.
And it's been an incredible experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that you don't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works or why a elevator door is open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also taken Literans to design schools.
So for example, designers without an electronics start playing with Lituato as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and feature, we have George creating it.
Metal sounds)  So a few weeks ago we took Lituaris to the Rhode Island design School -- who don't have any experience in engineering, just in card, wood and paper and we said, do something.
Here's an example of a project that you've done, a conference cannon.
But wait, here comes my favorite project.
It's a longevity that is made out of the darkness.
For these non-like, Lithocons became another material, the electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be in the rise of all.
So Litcheller has open source.
You can visit the website, download all of the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators and inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is our own.
So go ahead and invent it.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you today about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the industry of solar technology.
And my little company is seeking to engage us with the environment focusing on the environment.
The collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm. Wait for a moment.
It can be demonstrated a little bit to carry.
We can -- we can continue better and we leave the video on one side.
No.
This is not it.
All right.
Solar technology is ...
Oh, I'm already given the time?
Very good. Thank you very much.
A couple of years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and techniques to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to determine, we asked them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Cope for America and would be like some Peace of Peace for technologists.
We selected some members every year, and we put them to work with monitoring.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them to the wild municipal world.
They made great applications -- they worked with the monitoring employees.
His task is to show you the possibilities of today's technology.
They meet Al.
It's a hydrogen of Boston City.
So here it appears as if I look for a quote, but what it really looks for is that somebody cleans it up when they get caught by the snow because it knows that it's not very good at putting fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did I get to ask for help in such a single way simple?
Last year in Boston we had a Company team team for America.
They were there in February and at that time I was a lot of last year.
They realized that the city never cleans these hydrogen.
But one of the members called Erik Michael noticed something else, that citizens cleaned up with sticks right in front of them.
So it did like any good programmer, I developed an app.
It's a nice application where you can adopt a hydrogen.
You accept to clean it up when you are.
When you do that, you put a name, in this case, put it.
If you don't do it, someone can robot.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest app.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology gets there.
And it extends viral form.
A Honor City system responsible when you see this application realized that he could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to support tsunami series.
It's very important that they work these triangles of tsunami, but people are stealing the batteries.
That's why asked citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to get citizens to wake up the speeches speed.
And Chicago has just launched it to get people to record to clean sidewalks when they snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has been spread without drugs, organic and natural ways.
If you know a little bit about government technology will know that this doesn't normally happen.
So the software acquisition usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that took three people for two and a half months.
It was a tool that parents could choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that having done it by normal channels would have taken at least two years and cost about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the court power of California that so far has cost two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this at every level of government.
So an app that is programmed in a couple of days and is spreading viral is a kind of strips of warning to the institution of government.
It suggests the better government of working, not like private companies, like a lot of people think it should be.
Nor as a technological company, but rather like the Internet.
I mean, without restrictions in the form of open and generative form.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the issue of the government that has the new generation -- not as a problem of an ancestor but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out that we are very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools to work together with efficacy.
And it's not just Code for America but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute with civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given by the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain -- they fix it.
And these people know something we've lost view.
And that is that if we put the feelings on politics, the line at the DMCS and all those other things that put us crazy, the government is essentially in Time Oklahoma words because we only can't can."
Now, a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you're one of those people, I would ask you to recognize it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change -- government.
And because the government ultimately emits of us -- remember that from "We the village -- the way to think about it affect the way we produce change.
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as many people thought that government is about choosing people to occupy charges.
Well, after two years, I have come to the conclusion that the government is, especially a matter of ranges.
This is the center of telephone attention and information.
It's the place that calls the calls if you check 311 in America.
Scott took this call.
Increasing Zangoter at the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing. It started with animal control.
And he finally said, "Hey, can you open up the doors of the house, put music good music and see if it's going?
And it worked. So I got Contest.
But that wasn't the end of the ranges.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has a application, web and mobile phone called City Connection.
We don't make that app.
It was the work of very smart people at the Office of New Mexican U.S. U.K.
One day, this happened really comes, the Zapan in my garbage cube -- I don't know if he's dead.
How do I take it off?
The dynamics of Cinceral Connection is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In City Connecticut everything is public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said, "I approached the place, found the garbage behind the house.
Zarbor? Yes. alive? Yes.
I went back. I went home.
Good night, sweet racing."
Pretty simple.
This is great. It's the confluence of digital and physics.
And it's also a great example of the government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology technology definition here.
I'm talking about a platform for people to engage and help others.
So, one citizen helped another but here the government had a key paper.
I connected the two people.
And it could have connected to the government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call the animal control, it costs a lot of money.
One important thing we need to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think that one is the entrance of another.
And our input to the government system is the vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader sometimes, sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader and then expect the government to reflect our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because government is like an immense ocean and politics is the surface layer of 15 inches in the surface.
On the bottom is what we call burial.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it is that desperation that keeps us out of the way that we finance as something that operates against us, that other thing, and in consequence we are losing power.
People believe that politics is sensitive.
If we want this institution to work to have to make the bureaucracy sexy.
Because that's where the real job of government happens.
We have to collaborate with the government machine.
That makes the Oscar movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report of 125 pages in response to the order of the SETI -- about the financial reform project.
That's not political activism -- it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have been resistant to government, it's time for us to ask what world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we're going to get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act on behalf of all of us?
We can't preserve government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology is possible to rethink the function of the government so that it can expand by forcing civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet and knows that it's not that hard to act manufacturing -- you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The average age of our members is 28 years old, so I am a little bit greater than a lot of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk about, they're all going to talk.
You can express your opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when you face the government problem, they don't really care about making their voices hear of it.
They're using their hands.
They put the work to program applications that make the government better work.
And those applications allow us to use our hands to improve our communities.
It may be cleaning a hydrogen, taking off males, dumping a garbage of garbage that has a range inside.
We certainly could have cleaned those hydrogen and many people to do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder that we're not just consumers, not only are we consumers of government that pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that, we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizens.
So I want to ask all of you the present, when it comes to the important things that we need to do together, all together, will be a voices crowd, or are we going to be a multi-century multi-century."
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jail, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And being here at TED watching and hearing these stimulus guys have given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time, TED has identity.
And the things that are said here are impact around the world.
In occasion, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have any other way.
I say this because I think identity is truly important.
So here we've seen fantastic presentations.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if they're taught with feeling, you can have special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, it would be if it's cartooning, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my work.
I learned it from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a marriage, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, he had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the discussions in our home.
I was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 18 and his experience with slavery confirmed the way the world looked like.
She was hard, but she was also love.
When I was a little and I looked at it, she came up to me and gave me a good hug for me.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was sustaining.
One or two hours later, I went back to looking at it, and he said, "Britain, you still feel my air?
And if I said no, I was saving again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you want to be close to it.
The only problem is, I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of the 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a time with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and his attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight or nine years old, I woke up one morning, I went into the room, and there were all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me very easily.
At first, I thought it was a game.
So he looked at her and he smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 or 20 minutes, she got up the room, he took me out of my hand and he said, "You see Brian. We're both going to convince."
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me outside and said, "Break, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anyone.
I said, "Okay, Mamm."
She said, "Now let me not do it." I said, "Sure."
And then I sat down, and he looked at me, and he said, "I want you to know I've been watching you."
And I said, "I think you're special.
He said, "I think you can do anything you want.
I'll never forget it.
Then he said, "I just want you to promise me three things, Brian."
I said, "Safe, Mamm."
And he said, "The first thing I want you to promise is you always want your mother."
Adam, "She is my daughter, and you have to promise you will always take care of it.
As I loved my mom, I said, "Yes, Mamm, I will do."
And then he said, "The second thing I want you to promise is you always do the right thing even though the right thing is the difficult.
I thought about it, and I said, "Yes, Mom. So I'll do it."
Then, finally he said, "The third thing I want you to promise is you never drink alcohol.
I was nine years old, and I said, "Yes, Mamm, I'll do it."
I grew up in the field, in the Southern rural. I have a bigger year and a younger year younger year.
When I was 14 or 15, one day my brother came home with a six beer, I don't know where I took them, grabbed me to my sister and me and went to the forest.
We just came up with the local completely crazy.
He took a beer service, offered him to my sister, she took a little bit of me and offered me.
I said, "No, no, no. All right. You go on, but I'm not going to take beer.
My brother said, "Come on. Today we do it. And you always do the same thing as we are.
I took something, your sister as well. Take a beer.
I said, "No. I wouldn't feel good. You can follow."
Then my brother looked at me.
And he said, "What's going on? Take a beer.
I kept looking at her with force and going, "Oh, not be thinking about conversation with Mamma."
I said, "But what are you talking about?
He said, "Mom, "Man tells all the grandchildren that are special.
I was stripping.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something I probably shouldn't say.
I know this will be widely spreading.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this is a virtual thing, I say it for the power of identity.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to the other people who really don't see them sense.
We can't get to do things that don't believe to be done.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners.
My uncle died of diseases related to alcohol.
And these were the things that I was, according to her, we had to engage them.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is now very different than what was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in parole.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor or black communities, it's so desperate, so much despair.
One in three black in the age of 18 and 30 is in prison or in parole.
In urban communities across the country, the Angeles, Philadelphia, Washington, Washington, 60 to 60 percent of all the young people in color are in prison or in parole.
Our system is not just distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country we have a court system that is much better about if you're rich and guilty than if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilty.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The politics of fear and anger makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
I find it interesting.
We're looking at our work for some very curious development.
In my state, in Alabama, as in other states, you provide you right if you have a criminal condition.
Right now in Alabama, 36 percent of the black male population has lost definitely the right to vote.
And if we project it over the next 10 years the level of loss of loss will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law to the vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my customers are very young.
The United States is the only country in the world where it feels 13 to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this prison prison for children, no possibility to go out.
We're in the process of some literatures.
The only country in the world.
I represent people on death row.
This issue of death penalty is interesting.
In a sense, have you been inspired to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the comments?
Very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way to look at it -- it's not about deciding whether people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
The death penalty in America is defined by error.
From every nine people executed -- one that is innocent that is excited and liberated from the death run.
A rate of error -- amazing.
This is interesting.
In aviation you would never allow you to fly airplanes in every nine who would work, you would be stars.
But we somehow set out the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of if we deserve to kill.
Interestingly, in my classes with students about African-American history, I talk to you about slavery.
And I talk to you about terrorism, the time it started at the end of the reconstruction and lasted until World War II.
We don't really know much about it.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a time defined by terror.
In many communities people were afraid of being linked.
They were worried about being bombed.
The threat threat was what defined their lives.
There are now people older people who come up to me and say, "Mr. Stevenson, you give talks -- it makes the people who stop saying that in our history we are dealing with the first time with terrorism, after 9/11."
They ask me to say, "No. Say we grew up with that."
The age of terrorism, obviously, with the segregation and decades of racial subsidies and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like talking about about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And that's why we haven't understood the meaning of what we've historically done.
All the time we collide each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
We have a job to talk about race. I think it's because we're not willing to engage ourselves with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that they couldn't overcome racial segregated without a commitment with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty conference.
It was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said, "You know it's good to listen to what you say.
Ander, we don't have death penalty in Germany.
We naturally never can have it here."
The room stayed in silence and a lady said, "There's no way that our history, we could never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we would be able to run people."
They reflect about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, would it run to people, especially if they were mostly Jewish?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there is this description.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't really care about these very difficult issues, the positive and wonderful things are -- however, you have involved it.
We love innovation.
We are fascinated by technology. We worship creativity.
We love entertainment.
But finally, those realities are excited about suffering, abuse, degradation.
In my view, you need to integrate both.
We just talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means spending more time thinking and talking about the poor, the disparities, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of us.
We really have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are -- despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual thing.
With creativity. development comes not just from brain ideas.
These things come from food as well.
So this connection of the mind with the heart is what drives us to not only be brilliant and unfortunate, but also the dark and the hard thing.
Valley Haiti, the great chicken leader, talked about this.
He said, "When we were in East Europe suffering, we had all kinds of things, but mainly what we needed was hope, orientation for the spirit -- a willingness to be in destination sites and be testic.
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I think still in communities like TED, it has to be engaged.
There is no disconnect related to technology and design, which allows us to be truly human if we don't present to poverty, to exclusive, to inequality, to injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
So let's find them.
I had the great privilege -- being a very young lawyer, meeting Rosa Parks.
These women gathered together simply to speak.
Occasionally, Mr. Carter called me -- "Britain," comes Mrs. We're going to meet to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to me?"
I said, "Yes, ma'am, I do."
So she said, "Well, what do you do when you come to you?
I said, "You will listen to him.
So I went and I just heard them.
It was very visual, very illuminated.
And at one occasion, I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Ms. Parks went to me and said, "Now, Brazil, let me tell you that it's that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do."
And I started giving my speech.
I said, "Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted uniform.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the administration of criminal justice.
We try to end up with the feelings of life, without parole.
We try to do something about death penalty person.
We try to reduce the population in jail.
We try to end mass employers."
I gave all of my best speech, and I looked at me and he looked at me and said, "Mom mom mom."
And I added and they were going to be a headline, very stream."
At that time, Ms. Carrie leaned up, put me in the face and said, "That's why you have to be very but very brave."
I think the reality of TED has to be much more valuable.
We need to figure out how to deal with those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each one of us is higher than we have ever made.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if somebody says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that you don't belong, it's not that it's a load.
Even if anybody kills another, it is not that it's a killer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who must be respected by law.
I also believe that in many parts of this country and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite of poverty is not the wealth.
That's not it.
I really think that in many parts the opposite of poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it is very dramatic -- very beautiful, very illuminating, very smart, will not be judged by our technology, for our design, not for our intellectual or rational capacity.
At the end of the society, the character of a society, not the way they treat rich, powerful and privileged rich, but the way they treat the poor, the convicted.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
Sometimes I'm disappointed. I'm going to end with a story.
Sometimes I do too much force.
I get tired, like everybody.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my reasoning in an important way.
I've been representing these kids who have been sentenced with a lot of hard.
I'm going to prison and I see my 13 and 14 years old, which have been used to be judged as adults as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what's not it?
The judge was handled as an adult, but I see a child.
A very late night I was wake up thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something that you're not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brazil, the judge has magical powers.
You should ask for something about that.
As I was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a motivation.
He had a 14 year-old customer, a tiny, poor, black.
I started working in the motivation, with an encourage that said, "Most model for my 14 year-old black client to be treated as a 75-year-old privileged white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white white
In the motivation, I found that there had been driven behavior in the accusation, in the behavior of the police and in the process.
There was a line drawn on how in this country in this country there are no ethics but a lack of ethics in this country.
And the next morning, I woke up thinking that intense emotion would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had it reacted it, but he had sent it to court.
About two months, I had forgotten it.
And finally I decided -- oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I went up to the car and I felt truly angle, overwhelmed.
I went to the judge car.
I thought this would be very difficult and personal.
And I finally stepped down the car. He was walking to judge.
I was walking up the stairs when I met a larger black man -- it was the consumer of the judge.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said, "Who is you?"
I said, "I'm a lawyer." He replied, "Is you a lawyer? I said yes.
So I approached me and opened me.
And I whispered in the ear.
He said, "I'm proud of you."
I have to tell you now that that was a miracle.
That was deeply connected with my interior, with my identity with the ability to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
And when I walked in, the judge saw me.
He said, "Mr. Steven, you wrote this muscle motivation?
I said, "I know Mr. I was me, and we started discussing it.
People started coming in. They were all indicated.
I was the one who had written those madness.
The cops came out of the fossil failures, the auditoriums.
All of a sudden, without knowing how, the room was full of people -- all functions because we talked about races, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, I got to see the advice that I was going and came in.
I looked out the window, and I was going to hear the whole scream.
I kept walking over here and there.
Finally, this old black, with concern face, walked into the room and sat behind me, almost at the lawyers table.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recipe.
During the rest of a car assistant was offered by the analytical confidence, because the advice had entered the room.
The assistant was absorbed on the old black.
And he said, "Jim, what do you do in the audience room.
And the old black he stood up, I looked at the attack, he looked at me and said, "Go into this audience room to tell this young man who keep his view on the goal with permanent."
I've come today to TED because I think many of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very large, but it folds towards justice.
That we can't be truly human if we don't care about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to each other.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must be linked to fractions, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of you who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view on the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purpose of doing something.
Something that's not a check, what can we do?
JS: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum this spring in which you will be able to run the funds that are spent today.
For example, here in California, they're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty in the next five years. A billion dollars.
And despite this, 46 percent of homicide cases don't include arrangements.
Fifty percent of the rape is not at anything.
Here's a change opportunity.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are going to make the law happen, to security.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said to have to do with the biggest incarceration rate.
What would you say to those who think that is?
JS: Actually, the rate of criminal violence has remained relatively stable.
The great growth of mass incarceration in this country is not by crimes with violence.
It's the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase comes up in the career population.
And we let us convince the rhetoric of the punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, for stealing a bicycle, by small crimes against property instead of making those resources return to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy on punishment does nothing for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brazil, you have excited to stand up here today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you very much for having come to TED. Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden death.
Locomotor 2: Hamagi in Somalia, Locomotor 3: The police shortest paradigm gas.
Locomotor 4: Charters weighed -- Locomotor 5: Cross mortality.
Locomotion 6: social decision. Local doctor: 65 dead dead.
Locomotor 8: Alert of tsunami, Locomotor 9: Chains.
Machinery -- a war in the narrative.
Reception. Banglade. Judine Judine. Egypt.
crisis. death. disaster.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamehevis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could probably be the last six days or the last six years.
The idea is that press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds are paying attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
At every second of every day, our senses are getting much more data than the brain probably can process.
And as nothing care to survive, the first standing of all of that data is an ancient fragment of the temporal lobe called an ambulance.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Order and recorded all the information for something in the environment that could hurt us damage.
So a dozen stories of stories will prefer to look at negative.
That old present of the press, "If there is blood -- say, it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide negative news for seven days of the week, 24 hours a day, no wonder that we are pessimism.
It doesn't surprise that people think the world is going from wrong in worse.
But maybe it isn't.
Maybe instead, what's really happening is that we get distortion to it.
Maybe the huge progress made in the last century for a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problem: climate change, the extinction of species, the water scarcity and energy -- certainly we are.
As human beings we are really good at embracing the problems, and in the long end with them.
Let's look at what happened in the last century to see where we go.
Over the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled per capita income per capita has been translated across the world.
Child mortality has reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, of electricity, transportation and communication, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy that global literacy went from 25 to more than 80 percent over the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary time.
A lot of people forget that.
And we keep putting higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think today in the United States, a lot of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile air and cars.
The magnets of the sacred century, the planet's empires, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
By supporting a lot of this is technology and lately its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that prevents in information technology in this curve, Moore's Law -- and double the price performance in about 12 to 24 months.
That's why the mobile phone you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and a thousand times faster than a supermarket in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is, in good and bad times, in war and in peace, in recession and depression and affordable.
It's the result of fast computers used to build faster.
It doesn't stop before any big challenges.
And even though it's trained in a law on the left, it curve goes up.
The growth rate of technology is increasingly fast.
And in this curve, to horizontal from Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
Computer in the cloud, that my friends from Autonomy call infinite computing, sensors and networks, the robotics, 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuel, vaccines and food, the digital medicine and the national medicine.
I mean, how many of you saw the victory in WatKer of Watson.
It was small.
I looked at the newspapers the best headline that I had.
And I loved this: Watson beat to human opposites."
Jefferson is not an easy game.
It plays with the mathematics of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available to everyone in the phone.
Four years ago, here at TED, Ray Kurzweil and I, we launched a new university called Singapore University.
We teach these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can use to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we ask them to launch a company, or a product or a service or a service that can possibly affect a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the lives of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would be absence sound.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean creating luxury life for every single person on the planet, it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking the thing that is scarce and breaking it out.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
I'll give you an example.
It's a story about National II in the middle of 1800.
He's the guy on the left.
I invited Sinal king.
Nature troops ate with plate covers and the same Naploan, with gold covers.
But Sinal king ate with aluminum covers.
You see, the aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet, it's worth more than the gold and the dish.
So that's why the tip of the Monsoic to Washington is alligator.
You see, although aluminum is 9.3 percent of the Earth's mass of the Earth, it doesn't come as a pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and synthesis.
But then the electronics came up and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as if it was disconnected.
We put this analogy into the future.
Let's think of the energy scarcity.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a planet based for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They come to Earth 16 terms of energy every 18 minutes.
It's not about scarcity but accessibility.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar power in India is 50 percent less than the diamond of the dead diamond, 800 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar power fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, the solar electricity will cost six cents a kilowatt-hour chicken compared to the 15 cents of national average.
And if we have energy abundance we also have water abundance too.
Let's talk about wars by water.
You remember when Carl Paga pointed on the Voyager Space Valley to the Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture. How was it called it?
"A pale blue dot.
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent water.
Yes, 97 percent is saltwater, two percent is ice, and we fight for 5,000 percent of the water on the planet, but there's also a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 or 20 years, but right now.
The nanotechnology, the names.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovators of the brochure -- I'd like to share with you, gave me permission to do it -- his technology called Skype -- maybe you know it -- it's the size of a small refrigerator.
It is able to generate 1,000 liters of water in the day of any water source, saltwater water, polluted water, a letter for less than two cents the gallon.
Coke's president just agreed to do a major test of these units in the developing world.
If that goes right, and I have a full confidence in which it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it in 200 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation powered by this technology that exists today.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world for the end of 2013.
Think about that, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And to have an intelligent cell phone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than the President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that no one could have ever predicted before.
And better than that, the things that you and I have paid tens of tens and hundreds of thousands of dollars -- GPS video HD, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology -- now they are demonstrated and lost market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications come in.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Chimborazo Foundation something called the X Millennium Commander, from 10 million dollars.
We are challenging the world teams to combine these technologies into a mobile device that they speak with, and because it has A.I. you can touch, you can extract blood from the finger.
To win it has to do better diagnoses than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world where there are no doctors, where the furniture charge is 25 percent, and there are 1.3 percent workers of health.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA that doesn't recognize to call the health care and, first of all, prevent pandemic happening.
But this is the biggest force of producing a world of abundance.
I call it the billion on the rise.
The white lines here are the population.
We just spent the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, it will go from two billion to five billion Internet users.
Three billion minds never heard that they join global conversation.
What do these people?
What do you consume, what would you have to be?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected in the global economy.
And more health thanks to Traditoria, from a better education with the Khan Academy and because of the use of 3D printing and computation in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can we provide three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health."
How about some voices never ever heard before?
What if we give the oppressions, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion do?
And if you are contributions that we can't predict it?
One thing I learned with the X prize is that they were small, guided by his passion with a clear goal, they can do extraordinary things -- things that before they could only make the great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you may know.
It's called Florida.
It came up at the University of Washington, in Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids, and figure out how they will fold the protein.
Pleases determine structure and function.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supercomputer problem.
They've played with this college professors, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people were joined and started to play it.
And it has shown that today the machinery of human patterns is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, which gives me a huge trust in the future is that we today have more power as people to assume the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the innovative innovation.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that are going to be joined to work in the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
The correct of the game point.
And as the idea can be explained in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is about Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1829.
Maybe they thought you would chase pills, but it didn't.
It actually collected fish.
And I described one of them as very common."
It was the best.
I caught it a long way until the 1980s.
Now the fish is in the Red Reserve of CMU.
But we've heard this story a lot of times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to the Galapagos.
We still think they're presentation.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, also illustrates another concept, the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971, studying a lane in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate me.
I burned so much with the sun and I was convinced that I wasn't there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lane was surrounded by parallels, and, as you can see, from magnitudes.
There was the tiles of about 20 centimeters -- the black bar platform.
And the fishing of this thylacine was very abundant and passed for a good moment, so it was earning more than half in Ghana.
When I was there 27 years later, the number of fish had been disconcerted in half.
They mature at the age of five.
They experienced a genetic pressure.
There was still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And the fish were still happy to be there.
I mean, nothing to change, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complicated in the introduction of disaster fishing in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, well, it started in 1960 -- Europe did a lot of development projects.
The wisdom development supposed to impose countries that have already 100,000 fishermen to implement the industrial fishing.
And this bottle is quite ugly -- the Muslim 4.
I went out to fish on it, and we conducted studies in the south of the South China Sea, and especially at the sea of Japan.
What we captured there was something incredible.
We capture now, the sea bottom now.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most of the fish are tiny blobs about rest, remains that are coral coral fish.
In short, the sea bottom came to the deck, and then it was strange.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study and then you start the commercial fishing.
The background goes from being a soft coral fund in this case, to be a local.
This is a dead turtles.
They didn't eat them because they were dead.
We once captured a living.
I was still not drowned yet.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of rest is what the fishermen collect every time you go to an area where they never fish.
But there's no documentary.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of party, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we get this stuff like this.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity of orangutats, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time. It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images in the beginning of their conscious life as the normal and extracting it forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the rise of changes.
And at the end of it keeping a few restricted missions.
And that, largely is we want to do now.
We want to keep things that are no longer -- or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predators kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal which is very abundant before it is incredibly frequently.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose slightly frequent animals.
Even if this is not perceived as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on the big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become unlikely because we fish them.
Over time, there's a few fish, but we think that's the starting point.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, a lot of people, questioning it was very different.
And you will do it because evidence is in an earlier way that is not the way they expect the evidence.
For example, I anecdote it that some of them present, like they captain such a lot of fish in this area cannot be used or usually don't use the science of fishing scientists, because it's not scientific."
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, even though we live in instructional societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
That's where the enormous role that can be done by a protected marine area.
Because in protected marine areas, we actually recreate the past.
We recreate the past that people can't conceive because the point of party has run off, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area and they can benefit from the vision that provides it, which allows them to delete their point of game.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West, for example.
I think that the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum.
This is a simulation of the Cheetzard Bay.
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay, 500 years ago.
And you'll have noticed that math and the tons are like "Ainstraha."
And if you think about "Ainstraha," if you think why people were touched with the film -- without talking about the story of Poland -- why are you going to stay with the images?
Because it explains something that, in a sense, has lost.
And so my recommendation, the only one I give, is Cameron to make II in the water.
Thank you very much.
Hi. I'm Kevin Alleg, the manager of YouTube trends and watch YouTube videos in a professional way.
It's true.
So today we're going to see why video videos make a virus and how important it has to do.
We all want to be stars, celebrations, singers -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the web video makes any of us, or our actions, copper notation in a part of our global culture.
Anybody can do anything famous on the Internet in a sandwich.
You get over 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And of those, just a little percentage is made a virus, it gets infinite of vision and cultural monster.
So how does that happen?
Three things: trends of trends, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start with.
Bernard Vault: Oh my God, my God.
Oh my God!
Wow.
Ohhh, wow.
KA: Last year, Bell Vegas published this video filmed outside his house in the Songaton National Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity boom of the past summer.
Ben didn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a double rainbow.
That's what you do if you're called "The Mountain Monology Bear.
I had already published a lot of videos from nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimma.
Jimmy Kimbath published this Twitter that would harvest the video to popularity video.
Tense creators like Jimmy Kimmer presented us new and interesting things and gives them a wider audience.
Rebecca Black"   It's Friday --   Everyone wants to get the weekend in the weekend --  Venezuelas, Venezuelas.   Vievo, starting.  KA: You won't think we could have this conversation without talking about this video, and I hope.
"Red Black Vietnamese: It's one of the most popular videos of the year.
You saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Like "Archie Iranians double, this video seemed to have come out of nowhere.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other things, they're also Friday, too.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday Friday particular."
Well, it took the Sony and a lot of blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Missis Scientific Tata, was one of the first people to make a joke on the video on Twitter.
But the point is that one person or a group of trends of trends are adopting a point of view, and they share it with a broader audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there's 10,000 paradigms from Venudes on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the universal entertainment entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way of being part of the phenomenon -- detecting it or doing something new with that.
"Now, Nano Catho" is a repetitive animation with a music chord.
That's what that's it.
This year saw it about 50 million times.
And if you think that's rare, you know that there's a three hours version of four million times.
Until the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that looked at other cats to see the video.
But what's important here is creativity I woke up between the Internet Internet community.
There were removes.
Somebody made a version of the old one.
And then it became international.
All of a sudden, the whole community came up that made this would happen from being a stupid joke to something that we can all be part of.
Because today we not just enjoy, we participate today.
Who could have predicted something?
Who could have predicted "Docame Iranian done or Reiddin Cat?
What do you script might have written that this situation?
In a world where you go up two days of video per minute, just that really unique and unexpected can get rid of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to see this great video of a guy who protest against crowds in New York City, I admit that I don't interest too much.
Casey Nigeria: I was bothered by not circular to big circuit, but often there are obstacles that prevent you right around the bicycle.
KA: Thank you the surprise effect and your humor, Casey Nigeria got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth the new thing that we do in a creative way.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Bernard Vancouver: What does this mean?
Oh.
KA: What does this mean?
The trends of trend, creative communities of participation, totally unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media -- a new culture, which we all have access and is the audience that defines popularity that defines poverty.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities in the world, Justin Big, started on YouTube.
They didn't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little owner of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, it's barely the current media -- but define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that is still being arms.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece, a man burning the work of a lifetime.
It's a poet, a dramatic, a man whose entire life was supported in the unique unit of unity and freedom of his country.
Imagine while the communities come in in Samarin, affecting the fact that their life had been totally in vain.
The words, for so long a friend, now they were blowing it.
It was refugees in silence.
He died broken by history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met it.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother was never allowed to forget his story.
My task was not letting that have been in vain and my lesson was to learn that the story was to take advantage of them, but we showed it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat in the appeal by delivering quietly into the sea.
My mother, May, was only 18 years old when her father died, and a concert marriage and two small girls.
For her, life had destined to a single task, the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was unconscious for her that I couldn't do it.
And after a four-year savanna that defies the fiction, a boat was sliding into the sea sea disguised sea.
All adults knew the risks.
The greatest fear was pills, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fresh fresh.
If you were captured, first we would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rhythm of the engine, the test show on each wave, and the value and vacuum horizon.
I don't remember the pirate pieces of times, but they were delighted with the men's worth in our boat, or the engine dying and not being able to break for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, to fund the trip was too much for him, and the first apple I tried to do, given by the men of the platform.
No apple had the same sandwich.
After three months in a refugee camp, we would have fallen in Mellonda.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women across three generations shaping a new life together.
We set up in Portuga, an urban class suburb whose population is comprised of immigrants in it.
Unlike the middle class suburbs whose existence I discovered, in France, it had not felt like the right.
The smells that come from the stores were the rest of the world.
And the fragments of English entered were traded between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then in a car mountain line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title at IT technology.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned and established an extra tumor in English and mathematics, no matter what you should take away, which was usually new clothes, always a second hand.
Two media pairs for school, one to hide the holes from the other.
A school uniform to the trees, because I had to last six years.
And there were strangers and painful on the starts and some failure, "Asians, go home."
How come? Where so?
Something was endeaved.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said, "I'm going to suggest them."
My mother, my sister and I slept in the same bed.
My mother was exhausted, but we told us about our day and we heard our grandmother's movements in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmare would start to get them off.
She opened up a computer store, then he studied to be statistical and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't do the transition and angry, and inflated kids trapped between two worlds.
They looked for subsidies and pathogens.
They were created center.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, implicated with what I demands from myself.
On the other hand, I was locked in precise lives, tragic located by violence, the abuse of drugs and isolation.
But many received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I was studying my last year of advance, I was elected the young year Australian of the year.
And I went out of a piece of the puzzle to the other, but their edges didn't fit down.
So I had Protein analysis -- Protein analysis, was now so I read, refugees and social activist and invited to speak in places that I had never heard name, and in houses whose existence she would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an identical suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters ending up the day as they did for nearly 20 years, counting on the day of each one and running asleep, the three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom I couldn't do it.
It reminded me that I had the same age that she had when she got up to the boat.
He had never been an option.
"Go to me, he said, "And you're not what you are."
So I talked about youth description and education and definition to the marginalized and the destructive ones.
And the more frankly, the more I was solid to talk about it.
I met people from all the roads of life, many of them doing what they love, living in the border of the possible.
And although I ended up my license, I realized I couldn't stay in a lawyer.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be a unknown, a newly arrived, new thing on the scene -- and not only it's something that I will be grateful, maybe a ship of the boat.
Because being inside can easily mean collapsing horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your privacy.
I gave enough steps out of my comfort zone to know that, yes, the world demonstrates, but not the way we fear.
Possibilities that would not have been allowed to be allowed to be slowed up.
There was an energy there, an implanted optimism -- a miracle of humility.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a small group of people who the motto can't do it was a irrigating challenge.
For a year, we didn't have a cents.
At the end of every day, it made a giant wave of soup that we all share.
We worked even the night.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant ones, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the U.S.
after one trip trip.
My corrupts again.
Three months later, I had moved back, and the adventure.
Before I finish, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when Confrontamics was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who matters.
Life had not changed for centuries.
His father died shortly after she was born.
The mother raised it alone.
At 17 became a concept of a Mandela whose mother was hitting it.
With no support of his husband, he caused a review by dropping it and taking the cause itself, and a lot more back back when I won.
He can't make it prove to be wrong.
I was in the shower in the room in a hotel in Sydney when she died to 1,000 miles in Melloradou.
I looked through the garage of the shower and saw her standing on the other side.
I knew I had come to wake up.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Portuga, and we sat around her attack.
We told her stories, and we made sure we were still with her.
At night, a monk came and told us that he had to close the attack.
My mother asked us to feel their hand.
I asked the monkey, "Why is his hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold so cold?
"Because you guys have taken your hand on the morning, he said.
They haven't solved it.
If there's a nervous in our family, that runs through women.
Given those of us who were and how life formed us, now we can see that the men who would have come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat would have been easily.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about boat.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right thing about the right.
I can give you a test in your lives, suggesting brave on each wave, the steady pace impact of the engine, the vast horizon that doesn't guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could give them and see them, I would do it.
Steve Neilmorans, and also the mother of so much is here in the fourth or a row right.
My story begins in Rarwin about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the sky sky, with the Sunday Ali singer singing single.
We were talking about how nothing has changed since the time of the ancient Indian epidemic "The Mahala."
In those days when Indians wanted to travel to a car and we took the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Archie, the great printed Indian warrior, he had a sheep, he took a bow and a flow to the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same with talents and machines.
The conclusion we took was that machine had replaced magic.
And that gave me a lot.
I felt a little bit more about teacher.
I was terrified by this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an adoption if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't hold my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow magic to be allowed to kill it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his silver silver platform.
And this kind of 50 year-old technology piece was for my the most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images and pirate and narratives in my imagination.
I had the feeling that the mobile phone, the luxury clocks and the cameras prevent that we do.
They have our inspiration.
So I was launching, so I threw into this technological world to see how to use it to create magic, rather than killing it.
I illustrate books since I was 16 years.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative of storytelling able to connect to readers in the entire world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where are we going.
I put together the text with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
storytelling becomes increasingly multiple.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khan, an interactive application for iPad.
It says, "You put your fingers on every light.
And so --  says, "This box belongs to -- I write my name.
And so I become a book character.
In several times I get a cartoon -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My little girl is excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that magic magic, to those ideas that we gave up with children.
For some reason, the fireflies in a jar were always aware of me.
So over here, we have to tilt the iPad to release the fireflies.
And really, they light your path on what you rest from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me as a girl was that a whole galaxy covered in a bag.
So here, every book and every world becomes a bag that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens a map.
In all of the fantasy books there have always been maps, but they have been static maps.
This is a map that grows and light and guide you for the rest of the book.
In certain points the book is also revealed as well.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another hugely important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary time.
These are the assistants here.
We've all heard of the fairies and the nights, but how many people outside India know their Indian contrast, the appearances?
These poor people have been trapped in the cameras of Indra during millennia, in an old and female book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child story.
In a story that deals with current issues like the environmental crisis.
And talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been trained, pasted to their PCS, haven't gone out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our kids into the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where you have to go out on the outside, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images from different natural objects.
As a child, I had lots of collections of balls, of chest, rocks and budgets and shortcomings.
Kids are not doing it.
So to recover this ritual of childhood you have to go out and on a chapter, take a picture of a flower and then tag it.
In another chapter you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital collection of pictures that you can then put on the Web.
A child in London puts a picture of a room and says, "Oh, I saw a corner."
A child in India says, "I saw a monkey."
And you create this kind of social network around a collection of digital pictures that have been taking off.
Within the variations of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we set up to have an interaction where you come out with the iPad and the video light and through augmented reality is looking at a group of animated doors that appear on the interior plants of the house.
In a moment, the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of wind and put them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are engaging with technology and magic and technology come up to each other.
We harness the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and to that magic and joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why a lot of the statement projects fail.
And I think, really, that the most important thing about that is that we stop hearing patients.
And one of the things that we did at the University of Raddy was to figure out a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she took a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and met, what happens?
"How can we help it?
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what all of us, or maybe not all, but most of the projection projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wi-Fi baseball. It's a very simple thing.
It has a pile of light and off.
Every morning I got up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 K.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect me, I send my information to Google Health.
And my head doctor has access to him as well. So he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time when you need cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style -- but to see it backwards.
But there's another thing.
As some of you know, I'm over 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my Wikipedia base, and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Lucifer, today I think you need a living lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of the pairs to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be used to move people in their chair and together develop some recreational activity to have more control of their health.
Within the next week will be available.
This little burning computer connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send them into their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they come back to recover control and be captain of their own boat, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face -- as the firing of the cost of medical attention, the doubling of demand and other issues.
To perform techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients on the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but also through credit.
And one of the things we did would like to share with you with a video.
We all have control control in cars.
Maybe we even have them in our cell phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Mathematica.
So where are all the gas gasolines.
And of course, we can find chains of fast food.
But where is the nearest DSS to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew that.
Nobody knew where to get the DSS saves lives right now.
So what we did was we did credit in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the public public, and you see a DSS, please send it, drives where, and when it's open, you sometimes open up in hours of office and others are closed.
And over 10,000 DNA was already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was looking for the application for that.
And we did an application for the iPad.
We created an app for Lake, augmented reality, to find these DSS.
And every time they are in Matthan City, and someone collapses. They can use their iPhone, and the next weeks to use their cell phone in Microsoft to find the nearest DSS, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to present this one, not just like DNA Australia, which is the name of the product, but also as Dukes.
And we would want to start it globally.
We're driving all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find and work and act as a center for the Creys creation of the world.
Every time you're on vacation and someone collapse. It can be a relative or someone in front of you, you can find it.
I also wanted to invite companies around the world that could help us value these DSM.
You could be message service or phone people, for example, to see if the DNA that's shown is still in its place.
Please help us into this and not only improve health, but take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photograph.
Or is this photograph?
Because, of course, they're pictures that can't take their cameras.
My interest in photography was woke up with my first digital camera at 15 years.
I mixed with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little bit different, because when I used the camera, the process was on planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends up when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more to do with being in the right place at the right time.
I thought anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
Photos like this: a building in a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected turn.
And despite that, it keeps a level of region.
Or photos like these dark, dark and colorful, but with the common goal of keeping the problem of region.
And when I say realistic I say photosynthesis.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture but I always want it to seem to be captured in some way as a photograph.
Photos where you will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea to capture a moment.
But what's the trick that makes them seem real?
Are the details or the colors.
Is the light?
What is it that creates illusion?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world, and how you can perceive a two-dimensional surface.
It's actually not about whether it's realistic but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a reality of reality where we took different pieces of reality and we put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imaginary objects -- something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that still seems three-dimensional as if it existed.
But at the same time, we know that it doesn't exist.
So we put into the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that it doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process by combining the photographs.
It is really about combining different realities.
And the things that make a picture seem to be realistic -- I think they're the ones that we don't even think of.
But by combining pictures is very important to consider it, because otherwise something will look bad.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to make realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined photos must have the same kind of light.
And these two images are having these requirements, they were taken at the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of the different images with a perfect joint.
It has to be impossible to see where the image is shared.
This is another example.
You might think this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is totally composed by photographs of different places.
You know, I think it's easier to create a place than finding it because you don't need to put the ideas in the head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And because I thought this idea in winter knew that I had several months to plan to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured in a fishing journey.
The costs are from a different location.
The underlying part was captured in a rock of stone.
And yes, I even made the house on top of the island so it would look more serious.
So to make a realistic outcome, I think we need planning planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then we have to combine the different pictures.
And here every piece is very well thinking.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the result can be very beautiful, and it can be very realistic.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please, if you can put it up.
It's a diagram who took out of a cardiovascular character.
I'm not interested in showing you the details, but the general aspect of me.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the power of RSW microscopes versus the power of local areas.
What's interesting about this is that this one, as many other ones that we tend to see, is a straight line on a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents an order of magnitude on the performance scale.
Talking about technology with self-destructive curves is a novel thing.
Something weird happens.
And that's what I'm going to talk about.
Please turn on the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing on paper.
Why do we plot technological curves on the logarithmic scale?
The answer is, if you draw them in a normal curve where you say, these are the years or some time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I would like to gradually, the diagram would see something ridiculous.
It would be something like that.
It doesn't say much.
But if you farm, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a self-destructive curve would be very dumb -- we would see a straight line.
But if something like this, you get a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology would go as fast as the microscopes, then tomorrow tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't go forward to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of technological development of a remote growth that every few years advance magnificence of magnitude.
The question I want to plant is -- looking at these exponential curves -- we see that they don't follow forever.
You can't sustain this as fast as it goes.
It will happen one of two things.
Or it will become a typical curve -- I know this until it comes up with something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like that.
So we would be in the middle of a transition.
In this line, we're in a transition of what the world used to be, in a new way.
So what I'm trying to ask, and ask myself, is, what's that new way that adopted the world?
What new state is headed to the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember the future of the future in the year 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in the year 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still the year 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has been collected, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel something going on.
It's going on a transformation. We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all going to be so different to extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition that we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and information.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at things in the long term.
The time scale I'd like to do that is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at each billion years.
So we went back to about 2.5 billion years when the Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around it.
If you look at the way those chemicals are organized, we give a sense of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to begin to understand the origin with RNA -- I'm going to tell you a simple version of this -- and that is, at that time, it had been floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside and so the droplets grew up.
And they started to divide out.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms. Those bits of oil.
But those drops were not alive, in the current sense, because each of them contained a recipe random of chemicals.
And every time they were divided with an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they continue.
So every boat was a little different.
In fact, the drops that somehow became better about being better when they were going to incorporate surrounding chemicals -- they grow more, they were burning more chemicals and divided more.
They were usually living more time, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs.
In some ways we didn't understand these tickets learned how to store information.
They learned to save information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they were involved in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to be able to replicate to.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since they evolved 2.5 billion years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living will be expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things I did just for fun. Now we can write things with this code.
So here I have 100 white dust microscopes that try to hide the people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data on this DNA fragments and applying it 10 to 22 times.
So if anybody wants 100 million copies from my personal card -- I have a lot for all the present, in fact, for every person in the world, and it's here.
If I were an egando would have put it on a virus and I would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step.
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming these cells of cells.
I don't know if you know, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So for example, they evolved resistance to antibiotics.
Some bacteria found a way to avoid penicillin and showed them up to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are many residents to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place to form communities that, in a way, were together in that, and they set up a synergy.
In that way they survive or failed together, I mean, if a community was very successful all the individuals of that community were replicated more and they were failed by evolution.
And the point of inflection happened when these communities got so close that they actually joined and decided to write the entire community recipe together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And in that stage, we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together like a single organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have lots of cells that don't act alone anymore.
The skin cell doesn't serve the heart cell, or the muscle cell or the brain and so on.
So these communities evolved and produced more interesting levels than the cell phone, which we call a organism.
The next level happened inside these communities.
They started to abstract information.
And to build very special structures that didn't do more than process information in community.
They're the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they began to specialize within the community being responsible to record and understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as an individual.
So an organism could, for example, learning how to not eat a certain fruit because he knew bad and sick the last time the food.
That could happen during a life of an organism given that they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system builds those information structures enormously accelerate the evolutionary process.
Because evolution is now confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, the individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So for example, the most refined version that we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an incredible invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in your head.
I'm here by putting out some grades and hopefully building a similar idea, vague and confused, in his heads that saved some analogy with mine.
But we took something very complicated we converted it into sound, in sound, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That allows us to start working as an organism now.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to make abstractions, actually.
We now go through periods similar to the multicellular organisms, abstract our methods of records and present and process of information.
For example, language invention was a little step in that direction.
The web, the computer, the video tape, the CDC, and so on, are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that makes us much bigger and faster, and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microscopes.
You already saw the evolutionary example of The T in which I produced some evolution with the Congressional program, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated the time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told you was a billion years each other.
The next stage, the nervous system and the brain, took a few hundred million years.
The following language, language, took less than a million years.
And the next thing, like the electronics seems to take only a few decades.
The process remains removed -- I guess authoritarian is the right word to name something that accelerated their own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we see in this curve explosion.
We see the process removes.
But I make my living designing computers, and I know that the mechanisms I job to design them wouldn't be possible without recent computer advances.
But now I design objects of such complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know it does every transistor in that connection machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with The Tilena Medical designers, we think of a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that it did before you never can, it comes far further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes I use methods that we don't even understand well.
A particularly interesting method that I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates at the scale of the microphones.
And for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We say, "Please computer, you can run a hundred million sequences of instruction at random.
Could you run these sequences of random instructions at random, run all those programs, and take the ones that are more approximate to what we want to do?"
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are more likely to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely that some random sequences of instructions, ordered numbers, so none of them did it.
But one, luckily, could set two numbers in the right order.
And I said, "Computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that you did the task do?
So let's take those out and remove the rest.
And now we reproduce the ones that were best ordered by numbers.
And we came back to reproduce them following a process of recording analog to sex."
We take two programs that make the children, who are exchanging suburbia, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that were a little bit more success.
And we say, "Please repeat the process."
So California again.
It introduces some mutations.
And he tries to try again and play it with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So I can make the equivalent to millions of years of evolution in a few minutes, or in complicated cases, in a few hours.
In the end, we ended up with programs that ordered numbers in absolutely perfect.
In fact, they're much more efficient programs than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, strange programs.
But they have the commentary.
In fact, I know, I have the security that they achieve the goal because they come from a line of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on achieving it.
Once I went in a 747 with Mark Minister once, and he takes a card and says, "Look at this.
It says, "This plane has hundreds of thousands of participants working together to offer safe flight. Don't make you feel a complete?
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they get complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make design processes of design processes.
And that allows us to produce things much more complex than normal engineering.
However, we don't understand the whole choices that there are.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
We use those programs to make computers much faster and so we can run these programs much more rapidly.
I mean, it's removed.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it looks so cool.
Because all these technologies get removed.
We're staying.
And we are at an analog moment to solid organisms when multiplexing became multiple.
We are the ambasses, and we can't understand what the hell we're creating.
We're at the point of influence.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant about our part that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it comes from.
But now comes the lunch and I think stop here before I get eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of the medical culture that needs to change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've done enough time to let me celebrate part of my false president on that.
Before I treat the subject of my talk, we talk a little bit about baseball.
Why not?
We're near the end of the end of the world, the World series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of surprising statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's about to go back to the rules: talk about statistics and use them to form a great baseball team.
I'm going to focus on one of them, and I hope many of you know it.
It's called battle average.
And we talked about 300 -- a battery that kills 300 batteries.
That means that the baseball will effectively, three of 10 times.
That means launching the ball to the field of play without being caught and that anyone who's trying to launch the first base is not in time, and the second base will be saved.
The three attempts of 10.
You know how you call a 300 in the Great Lins?
Well, really, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how you call a bit of a baseball battle?
By the way, that's someone who goes from 10 hits right now.
Legalo -- like the legendary Ted Williams, the last largest of the Great League of the Great League to execute more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have an approach and they're delivered to a surgeon that also has a 400 percent record in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that they live in a place that is removed and loved has two orbit coronary arteries and his family doctor led to a cardiologist whose record in analogy is 200 of you.
But do you know what?
She's actually improving this year.
And their accent has been 256.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think of being the average of a heart surgeon or orthodox, of a nurse or a gift obstacle?
1,000, very good.
And the truth of the issue is that no one in all of medicine knows the access of a good surgeon, a doctor or a paradigm.
What we do, though, is to send them into the world, and I get involved with the candy of being perfect.
That you never, never, make a mistake and think about figuring out how to do good.
That was the message I absorbed when I was in medical school.
I was a computer student student.
Once a high school company said that Brian Goldzhan studied to a blood test.
Like that.
I studied in my little disparity, in the restaurant of the General Hospital of Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all memory of memory.
And from my anatomy class, I memorized the origin and the muscle job, the branching of every artifact that comes out of the board, the different difference and the non-like diagnosis and the non-lethal.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney tuberculosis.
And as I was so accumulating more and more knowledge.
And I was very good. I graduated with honor.
And the medicine of the medical school with the impression that if I memorize everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to the whole thing, because I get excited about mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs.
I was a university hospital here in Toronto when I brought into Mrs. Drug to the emergency service where I worked on.
At that point, I was assigned at the heart service.
And when I asked a card to go to a cardiologist and I played that patient.
And I will report the chief of resident residents.
When I saw Mr. Drugs, I was gaining.
I heard a restrictive sound.
And when I hit it, I heard a breakfast sound on both sides, which was telling me a congestion heart failure.
In these conditions the heart stops working, and instead of pumping the blood forward, blood goes to lungs, these are filled with blood, and so there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose it.
And I did it and I started working on the treatment I would give him.
He gave him aspiration and medication to alleviate the pressure in his heart.
I gave it digital, water pills, so I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started to feel better.
And I felt great.
And there it was when I ate the first mistake, sent it into his house.
Actually, I made two more mistakes.
I sent her to her house without talking to the head of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I did not do what I should have done, that I was to call my boss and put it out with him for him to see.
And if my boss had seen it, I would have been able to support complementary information.
Maybe I did it for a good reason.
Maybe I didn't want to be a response to constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, I could take care of my patients without even connecting my boss to me.
The second mistake I ate was worse.
When I send her home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inner who said, Goldman, it's not a good idea. Don't do it."
In fact, I was so insecure that I even asked the nurse to take care of Mr. Drugs, "Do you think it's okay if you go home?
And the nurse thought, and then he said totally nature, "Yes, I think I'll be okay."
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So I signed up the high and the ambulance along with the paradigms took her to her home.
I went back to the hospital room.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, I had a bad present in the stomach.
But I went on with my job.
At the end of the day, I started to leave the hospital and walked into the parking room where my car was to go home. At the time I did something I don't normally do.
I went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there another nurse, I didn't take care of Mr. Drug before, but another one. He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear of.
Other specialists are also afraid as well, but there's a particular part of performance, and that is that we see patients.
The three words are: Remember you?
"Do you remember the patient who sent his house?
I asked the other nurture with total nature.
"Well, she comes back, with the same tone of voice.
She was fine.
But it comes back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of having arrived at home, after I gave him the high, he suffered a colleague and his family called 9/11, the paradigm brought it to emergency with a 50-year-old blood pressure pressure pressure of 50 millimeters of Hi, which means a severe shock.
I barely breathe and was blue.
The emergency staff deployed all their resources.
They gave him medication to raise the blood pressure.
And they put an artificial breath.
I was committed and saturated to the cord.
He had a mix of feelings because after the standard was in intensive therapy and waited against all the hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days I was an obvious that I would never wake up.
He had a bright brain damage.
The family came together.
And in eight or nine days, they were responding to what was going on.
And the ninth day, they let it go. Mrs. Drugs, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they never forgot the names that they die.
That was my first experience.
The following week, I got punished for it, and I experienced for the first time the magnetic shame that exists in our medical culture, and I felt alone, isolated, without feeling that healthy embarrassment because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You make the legs and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The evil shame I'm talking about is which makes us feel very bad about inside.
It's the one that tells us not what we did was bad, but we are bad.
And that feeling.
And it wasn't for my boss -- he was a lovely.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure I survived things and I made sure that they wouldn't demand me.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss head." Why did I send her to her house?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a stupid mistake of me."
Why did I choose medicine?
Gradually, that feeling was disconnecting.
And I started to feel better.
And on a cloudy day, the sky opened and finally came out the sun and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with me in which if I were to redesign efforts to be perfect to be perfect to make no more errors, I would make those voices.
And it did.
I went back to work.
But it came back to happen.
Two years later, it was an aid in the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25-year-old man with a pain in the garage.
I was very busy and appropriate.
And he pointed out here.
I looked at his throat -- he was a little bit colorful of it.
And he gave him a penicillin and sent him back home.
But as he ran to the door kept pointing out his throat.
Two days later, when I came to make my change change, my boss asked me to talk to me quiet in his office.
And I put the three words: Do you remember you?
Do you remember the patient who saw for a pain in the garage?
Well, he came back, and he didn't have a strategic fancy.
He had a potentially fatal condition.
You can search for Google -- it's an infection, not from the throat, but on the upper air, and it can cause the close of those tracks.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It was added antibiotics to interconnect and recovered in a few days.
And I went through the same period of shame and representatives, then he took me back and forth, until again it happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, I don't have any appendice discussions.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, because it attacks 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home and I don't think it's been a discoverier.
One of them thought that he had a kidney calculation.
They ordered a kidneys, but it turned out -- a colleague that was checking the patient perceived some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, and he called the surgeon.
The other patient was very diarrhea.
I was ordering liquid to rehabrate and asked my colleague to review it.
And I checked it up and I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right quadrant, called the surgeon.
Both were operated and recovered well.
But each case, I was striking me.
But I'd like to tell you that I ate the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's a parachute.
The most significant ones have been over the last five years.
Only advanced and support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that tells me what really happens, how can I share this with my colleagues with my colleagues.
How do I show you this so they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go into a place like this, I would have no idea what you think of me.
When was the last time you heard someone talking about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party, you'll hear about the mistakes of other doctors, but you won't hear someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a transformation in my hospital took the wrong leg, believe me to be happy to look at it in your eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system where there are two positions -- the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that do have loans and those who have great outcomes.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that start attacking that person.
We have the idea that if we turn out of medicine to people who make mistakes.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years of about distribution and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical practice and medical error to learn how possible, from the first article I wrote for the Star Torture to my program, White Coat, Black Alto, Blah Artist: Blah Alto Black."
And what I learned is that mistakes are organic.
We work in a system where mistakes happen every day, where one in 10 prescribed drugs in hospitals are wrong, or doubt is not right. In a system where the intractable infections are increasingly and more numerous by providing chaos and death.
In this country, 24,000 Canadian managers are dying by avoiding medical mistakes.
The U.S. Medical Institute established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about gross subsidies, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And so there are things there.
A hospital system where knowledge is multiple every two or three years, and we don't update ourselves.
The deprivation.
We can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow you to do a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a chest on the chest, come in with tears and crystal eyes and all of a sudden, my story is accurately.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot, I don't do things always the same.
And my patients are not cars. They don't relax their symptoms in the same way.
For all of this, mistakes are inevitable.
So if we took the system as we taught us, and we eliminate all the professional professionals to error, well, not to stay there.
And with respect to people not to talk about their most serious case?
In my program, "I deliver black art, black art, it's already a computer to say, "This is my worst mistake. I would tell everybody, from the paradigms to the heart of heart surgery, "This is my worst mistake," blah, blah, blah blah. What are your errors are your errors."
And their students would stop, they would go back and forth your head and swallow out and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
You want to be able to say, "Look, don't make the same mistake.
They need a context where they can do it.
They need a medical medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redefine doctor is human, you know human, accept it, and it doesn't be proud of its mistakes, but it is effort to learn from what happened to teach others.
He shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It points out the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving way and support for everybody to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes that human beings run the system, and when this happens, they make mistakes every one another.
My name is Brian Goldar.
I'm a redefined doctor.
I'm a human, I make mistakes.
And I'm very sorry, but I strive to learn something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think of me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
You know how many decisions we take one day?
You know how much we choose in a week?
I recently did a survey on more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choices that he says will pick up a medium American, are about 70 percent a day.
Not too much, in a research followed for a week to a group of business presidents a week.
Researchers recorded the different tasks left by these executives and the time they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, accelerate 133 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included many ministers.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more of their time.
Now think about your elections.
Do you know how many of you belong to the category of nine minutes, and how many of you at an hour.
How does the way make those decisions?
Today I want to talk to you about one of the biggest problems at the moment, to choose in order of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
As I talk about this I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know about your answers.
When I ask a question, like I'm a blind, raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when I ask a question, if your answer is positive please give you a palm.
And now my first question: Are you ready to hear about the self-esteem problem?
Thank you.
As a graduate student at Stanford University, I was required this very, very high level, at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at least at the time.
It's called Dragoid.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There was about 250 different kinds of mustard and vivid, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 percent entropy -- and this was when we took water from the flu.
I loved going to that store, but at one point, I asked myself, why did I never buy any nothing?
This is the olive oil.
They had over 75 different classes, including those who were in sealed box that came from military trees.
I decided to visit the manager once, and I said, "Did this strategy do this strategy of offering all these options?
He pointed to the buses full of tourists who came every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the memories.
Passionate.
They had 38 different classes.
We installed a post to drive, right at the entrance of the store.
So we put six warrors there, or 24 different flavors and look at two things: First, what are people willing to stop to test the memorial?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six, 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a memorial task.
Here we find the opposite effect.
Of those who stopped when there were 24 -- only three percent came to buy memories.
Those who stopped when six, we saw that 30 percent bought memorized.
If we do math, people were six times more likely to buy memories if they found six, if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy a memory that's probably convincing us, at least it's good for us to preserve the line, but it turns out the problem of opportunity of choices affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided to not decide, even though this doesn't convince us.
Now the theme of the day, financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with guru Harbor, Emily Kamenesi and West Jane, where we looked at savings on savings for the retirement of about a million Americans -- from about 650 plans in this country.
And we were interested in seeing if the number of speakers available on savings of retirement savings -- the 40th program -- democratized people to save for the future.
And we found that there really was a correlation there.
We had 65 plans that went from two to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the number of funded funds, there was less participation.
So if you look at the extremes -- we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the rate of participation was 70 percent or more, not as high as they like.
And on the plans that offer about 60 funds, the rate of participation went down to 60 percent.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there's more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those of you who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people were including to avoid actions or investment funds.
As soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in terms of market financial markets.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we would recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade we've seen three main negative consequences by offering more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is to make the decision, which is the claim even when it goes against the interest themselves.
It's more likely to take the worst decisions in finance and health.
They are more likely to pick things out less satisfying things, although they obviously go better.
The main reason is that we have to look at that giant variety of marriages, mustard. Visitor and memorized, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare and focus and choice from that awesome exhibition exhibition.
Today I want to propose to you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so you can rehearse their business.
The first is, Corrum.
You've heard before, but it has never been more true than today, that less than less than more.
People always bother me when I say, "Correct."
They worry about losing space in the analogy.
But actually what we're seeing and more and more is that if you decide to cut, you get rid of extra redundant options, there will be an increase in sales.
When Professor & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shakespeare to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Corporation Colon Chapter eliminated the products for cats that were less sold, the uses were increased by 80 percent, by two causes.
You know that today's supermarket supply offers 45,000 products.
In a Wal-Mart store, about 100,000 products.
But the largest largest stores in the world today is Alisk and it offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of law tomato sauce on it.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have come up with how to manage the choices is David Labbica plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically incorporated to a living fund fund, automatically incompletely.
What you really want to do is, you really want to choose -- you have 20 funding -- not 300 or more.
You know, often people say, "I don't know how to cut down.
These are all important choices.
The first thing I do is I ask the employees, tell me the differences that are among those options.
And if your employees can't differentiate -- neither can they make their customers either.
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was chatting with Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer people in this audience a vacation with all paid on the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description here.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give an applause if you're ready to take the supply of Gary.
(Amino "Points -- OK. Anybody who's ready to accept the offer.
Isn't they more?
Okay, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who is ready for that journey.
I really think I had to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second one, but I can tell you that they thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the choice of choices -- which is Concorpact.
So that people understand the differences between choices, they have to understand the consequences of every choice, and that consequences must feel very vivid, very concluding.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit cards than when you use effective effects?
Because it doesn't look real money.
It turns out that making it look more real, it can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with She and Assembly Previologist, on staff of the Instagram Angeles who worked on INC, these people were in a meeting where they were being adapted to a 404 plan.
And to that meeting, we looked at exactly how it was accepted, we made it a little addition to it.
What we added was that we asked the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they save more money.
With this minister there was an increase in the 20 percent of the 20 percent and an increase in the amount who were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings of savings -- four percent.
The third technique is Claria.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study that we did in a magazine hall.
We saw that in the supermarket Germany along the northeastern stream, the exhibition of magazines can contain from 33 different types to 66.6 different types.
But, you know?
Because the classification tells me how to tell them.
These are two jewelry exhibitions.
One is called "Japanese and the other, "Swiss."
If you think the one on the left is Swiss, and the one on the right is Japanese, give a palm.
(Amison "Planets." Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is Japanese and the one on the right is Sisteria, give a palm.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is Japanese and the right is Swiss. But do you know something?
This rating scheme is totally useless.
Cats must indicate something that you choose to, not where you define them.
You often see this problem with those huge funds of funds.
Supposed to who are informed?
My fourth category conductive complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We have to increase the complexity.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- buy a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to persuade it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to build the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of choices that are offering each other.
colors, color outside of the car -- I have 56 possibilities.
Motoria, changes -- four options.
What I'm going to do is vary the order where the decisions appear.
So half the clients are going to go from a lot of options, 56 colors, to a few times, four boxes.
The other half of customers are going to go from a few choices, four boxes, to 56 colors, a lot of options.
And what am I going to look?
How involved you are.
If you actually activate the button in every decision, this indicates you are overwhelmed -- you know, we're losing them.
We found that the ones that go from many choices to a few -- they optimize the button over and over and over again, and another one.
We lose them.
If you go from a few choices to many, you continue there.
The same information, the same number of options.
The only thing I did was to alter the order that information is presented.
If we start with easy, you learn to choose it.
Although you choose the box of change doesn't say anything about the preferences of the inner decoration.
It excites us a product that we're building now has more hooked with the process.
To sum up.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the choice of options supply: cut, eliminate alternative alternatives to conclude, to make it real. Clarify, we can handle more categories with less choices -- condition complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented to you were designed to help manage the alternatives or better for you, to use them in their issues, or for people who are serving them.
It's that I think the key to getting the best of a choice is to be careful about picking up.
And the more careful we are in our best choices, we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the Eastern Germany, if you had a typewriter machine to register it to the government.
You had to register a text sheet of text written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of text.
If you found a desk with the wrong message you could trace the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West we didn't conceive that anyone could do this, how much this would be limited the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color promise from any big manufacturer and print a page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that makes you themselves out of one and your printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be able to get a lot for this.
This is an example of the ways our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems on the network.
If you look at what happens in the online world we can put the attacks according to the attacks.
There are three main groups.
There are the credits.
Like Mr. Dimitri Golder from the city of King, in Ukraine.
The mobile phone cell is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cybersecures to make a lot of money, and they use lots of money.
There are really many cases of minerals online, multinational multiple, which make money with their attacks.
This is Village State, from Tarbo, Stan.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Water.
This is Bernie Sunshine.
This is Matthew Anderson, Tasie Alberton etc., etc., etc.
These guys do their freestic frees, but they do it by illegal media through banking trees to steal money from our accounts when we buy online or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we bought in a infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this guy, Sam Japan, and this story had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Japan was suicided -- he knows his stop.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us being victims of a credit than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this is going from wrong in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attractions we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves, they motivate the protests, they motivate the opinions, they motivate the laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined over the last 12 months occupying a role ripped on online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks, the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous that do it to protest and the last group are the national states that attack them.
And then we see cases like Diagnosit.
That's a good example of government attacks against your own citizens.
Diagnosis is a certified authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
declared the wisdom the last fall because of a satisfact.
They survived the safety of the site and they were perpetualized by a cyber.
Last week, I asked him, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people because of the attack to Diagatter.
And the answer of him was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these these?
Diagnostic is a certified authority.
They sell certificate.
What do the certificates serve for?
Well, you need if you have a website with hypotheses, services secretly environmentally encrypted Sergiosments, services like Giant.
Except that they interpret a foreign controlled authority.
They would take a little bit of an approach for them.
And in the case of Diagatter, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring, and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt.
Well, in Egypt the protesters took the headquarters of the Egyptian secret police in April 2011, and during the sample of the building, they found a lot of paper.
Among those papers was this cardiovascular shock that was called PH: PMS.
And within that folder, there were notes from a company in Germany that had sold the Egyptian Egyptian tools to intercept the communications of citizens in the country.
This tool was sold by 280,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company of the company is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide tooth-related governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments are also done to themselves.
For example, in Germany, only a couple of weeks ago, we found the Scottish Triceraton, a train used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a criminal case case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is invented.
But today it's beyond.
connection to the Internet.
They will use even tools like the Scotting Translate to infect our computer with a train to allow them to look at all the communication, and listen to the online discussion, to get our data.
When we think deeply about things like this, the obvious answer should be "Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry about it?
I have nothing to hide.
And that argument has no sense.
It's in privacy play.
Privacy is not discussing.
It's not a matter of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
If we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we think about today, will be forever.
Can we actually trust any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live. I live in Kenya, on the south part of Nairobi, National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, at the bottom, and behind the cow, the National Park.
The Nairobi National Park has close to most of the south, which means that wild animals like celebrities are freely outside of the park.
And predators, like lions follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our cattle.
This is one of the people who killed at night, and as soon as we got up in the morning and we found it dead -- I felt really bad because it was the only story we had.
My community, the masses, we believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to pass them, and so we value them so much.
So I grew up having a lot of leaders.
They are dying the warriors that protect our community and the livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of six lions that killed in Nairobi.
I think there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, of the six to nine years old, is responsible from the livestock of his father, and this was the same thing as to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought lions were afraid of it.
But I realized that actually this was not served because it even helped the lions to see the standard of far away.
I didn't give up. He went on.
A second idea was to use a sponsor.
I tried to put the lions to believe that he was near the stability.
But lions are very smart.  They came up the first day and they saw the sports, and they left, but the second day, they came back and said, "This thing doesn't move, it's always here.  So they jumped and killed animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with an torch and that day the lions didn't come.
I found that lions are afraid of the light that moves around.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which I will press and turn out the lights.
And this is a little lamp of a broken line.
It arms everything.
As you can see, the solar panel load the battery, and the battery supply the electricity to the small indicator box. I call it a transformation.
And the indicator box makes lights deliver.
As you can see, the light bulbs are going out, because that's where lions come from.
And that's how you see it when you come at night.
The lights defend and deceive the lions to think that I'm walking through the basement, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have a problem with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One is from this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals and asked me if I could put the lights on.
I said yes.
I put them. You can see the background -- these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community, and they're serving a lot.
And my idea also is used now by Kenya, to scare other predators like hero, legally, and also being used to spread elephants from farms.
Thanks to this invention, I was fortunate to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Brooklyn International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping track funds and consciousness.
I even took my friends to my community and we installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach them how to put them.
So, a year ago, I was just a child in the parasites of the savanna by hitting my father's cows and I used to see planes fly, and he said that one day I would be inside one.
And here I am.
I got the opportunity to come in plane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to get to be engineer of aviation and pilot when you grow up.
I used to hate the lions -- but now as my invention is saving my dad and legacy, we can be with lions without any conflict.
Asia smell -- which in my language means thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You don't imagine how exciting it is to hear a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship -- Richard Turkey: Yes.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What's the next on your list?
RG: My next invention is -- I want to do a close close. CA: A close close?
RG: I know you already invented electric close, but I want to do mine.
CA: You try once once a time, and you guys -- RS: I tried before, but because I got a campaign.  CA: On the foot of the canyon. Richard Turkey, you're a big thing.
We're going to encourage each step that two, my friend.
Thank you very much. RG: Thank you very much.
When I was a little, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
And I grew up singing a song called "I "No Venture Nothing."
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying the story of Kim Institute, but we never learned much from the rest of the world, except that America, Korea are the enemies.
Although sometimes I asked myself about the rest of the world, I thought I would spend my entire life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven years old, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family was not poor and hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleagues.
That said, "When you read this, the five family members will stop in this world, because we have not eaten in the two weeks.
We're recycled together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die."
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
At the short time, when I walked in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase from my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about taking care of themselves, and their families.
A huge famine.
In the end, more than a million Koreans died during the famine and just a few surviving store, insects and tree cortex.
They also became more and more frequent the energy cuts all around me was completely dark at night except in sea lights.
I always wondered why they had light and we don't.
This is a satellite picture from North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the Army River, which is the limits between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very analytical at certain points, allowing Koreans to cross secret.
But many people die.
Sometimes I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine I was sent to China to live with distant relatives to live.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like normal refugees.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because Norway refugees in China were considered illegal immigrants in China.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed and would be replicated to a horrible fate back in North Korea.
A day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me into the police station.
Somebody had accused me for being northern -- then they tested my skills in Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explore.
If it didn't look natural, it could be scaled and dependent.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answer questions.
At the end of the interrogation one official said to another, "This was a fake report. She's not normal."
And they let me go. It was a miracle.
Some Koreans in China are looking for asylum.
But many can be arrested by the Chinese police and dependent.
These women were very lucky.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Koreans were not so lucky.
Every year, they are captured in China and dependent on North Korea, where they're tortured or incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was fortunate to escape, many other Koreans have not been so lucky.
It's tragic that Koreans have to hide their identity and fight just to survive.
Even after learning a new language and finding work, all of his world can go up in a second.
That's why after 10 years of hiding my identity, I've decided to take me back to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
Search in South Korea was a much larger challenge than I was waiting for.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a big gap between North and South Africa.
We're all corals, but inside, we have become very different because of 67 years of divide.
You even attract a crisis of identity.
Am I a surprising or a norther?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that I could call it to me.
Although I get to life in South Korea was not easy, I made a plan, I started studying for the income exam to college.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korea authorities were introduced a little bit of money that sent my family, and, as a punishment -- my family was going to be displaced to force to a low-cost location.
They had to run immediately.
I started planning how to help them escape.
Norman neuroscientists have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I got down to the border with North Korea.
Because my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow, for more than 3,000 miles across China and then through South Asia.
The bus journey took a week, and we almost went caught several times.
Once our bus was stopped and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked for all of us all and started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese officer came up to my family, I immediately stood up and told him that they were surprising people who were accounting.
I looked at me suspended, but fortunately he believed me.
We made all the way down to the Lakes border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe the border guards in Lakes.
But even after I spent the border, my family was arrested and encouraged by crossing the border.
After they paid multiple and surroundings, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and incarcerated again in the capital of Lades.
This was one of the lowest dots in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close to it, but my family was held into a short distance of the embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to liberate my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or multiple.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asking, "What's the problem?
I was so surprised that a stranger would care about it.
With my poor English and with a dictionary -- I explained the situation, and not doubt -- the man went to the car card and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other the numbers to get them out of prison.
I thank you all my heart, and I asked him, "Why do I help me?"
"I'm not helping you -- I'm not helping me.
"I'm helping the people normal."
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The unknown amazing symbol is a new hope for me and for the northern people when we needed it.
And I showed me that the kindness of the unknown community is really the rays of hope that the Norwegian people need to need.
Over time, after our long journey, my family and I met in South Korea.
But achieving his freedom is only half the battle.
A lot of Koreans are separated from their families, and when they went to a new country, they start with a little bit of money.
So we can benefit from the international community with education, practice of language language, work practices, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people inside North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because a lot of us are continuing to contact with family still, and we send out information and money that is helping change North Korea from within.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of aid and inspiration in my life, so I want to help give you a chance to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more Koreans traveling around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Center.
This is Central Center, local stores. Fast food, bang land.
So the planners in the city came together and they thought, let's change the name of South Center so that it represents something else, so they changed the South Angeles as if this is actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles South  So local shops, fast food.
Just like 26 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center South, home of food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring more people to kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying of curable diseases in Los Angeles South Central diseases.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than that, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I'm tired of seeing this happened.
And I wondered, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time they come home you see the damaging effects that the current food system has in their neighborhood?
I see chairs of wheels bought and sold as a used car.
I see center centers pulling up supplies.
And I think this needs to stop.
I think the problem is solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
In addition to me of running 45 minutes away and back to buy a apple that has no pesticides, you know.
What I did, it was planting a food forest in front of my house.
In a land of land that we call a garden.
It's 45 meters three feet.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it up.
I said, "Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it to you."
This is how I decided to keep her.
So my group and I, L.A. Green Grandstors, and we got together and we started to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, the nine full vegetables.
What we do, we are a kind of paid group who was paid by the gardens of all the processors, from all the city and completely volunteers, and everything we do is free.
And he was beautiful.
Someone was complained.
The city came up on top of me, and they gave me a quote saying that I had to quit my garden, the quote was made by court order.
And I was like, "Come on.
A court order to plant food on a piece of land that no one matters?  And so it was like, "Well, let me take it."
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Locomot, and he talked to the concentration and one of Green Grandforters, who put a petition in Charter, with 900 firms -- we were a success.
We had the victory in our hands.
My concert even called to say they restricted and love what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the city of America with more balloon land.
It's 68 miles away from ballet ground.
That's 20 Percents Parkinson.
That's enough space to plant 750 million tomato plants.
Why does it not seem good for you to do this?
To grow a plant to give a thousand thousand seeds.
When a dollar of hands will give you 75 dollars of results.
It's my humor, when I tell people, culture your own food.
Culture your own food is how to print your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for central center.
I grew up there. I grew up my kids there.
I refuse to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufacturing for me for others, and I'm going to manipulate my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The garden is my graffiti -- I cultivate my art.
Just like a graffiti artist, which embeds walls -- I train soil, gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my embarrassment of that canvas.
You'd be surprised to see what the earth can do -- if you let it be their canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how it affects people.
What happened?
I'm witness of how my garden became a tool of education, of my neighborhood.
To change community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how it affects kids.
Garden is the most therapeutic and provider act you can do, especially in a grandma.
Also, you get French.
I remember an occasion, which was a mother and her daughter, they were like the 133" of the night and they were in my garden. I went out and looked very appropriate.
And I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this like this.
This is in the street for a reason.
I felt shame when I saw people who were so close to me with hungry, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me, "Fine, don't you fear that people are going to steal your food?
I say, "Oh my God, I'm not afraid you're going to steal it."
That's why it's on the street.
That's what it's all about.
I want you to take it, but in turn, I want you to remove your health.
There was another time when I put a garden in a depression shelter in downtown Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous. I was shared with their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and her grandmother, and it was fabulous to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green Grandforters has come to plant maybe 20 garden.
We've had about 50 people who come from, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If the kids grow color, the kids eat tail.
If you grow tomatoes to eat tomatoes --  But if none of these things are taught -- if you don't teach them how food affects your mind and body, they eat blind blind things that they put them in front of them.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing that they're caught in. I see color kids who are on this path designed for them, which is not taking them anywhere.
With the garden, I see an opportunity that we can train to these kids who are embedded from their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe the next George Washington Charley, you know.
But if we don't change the composition of the land, we will never will.
Now this is one of my plans -- this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole garden block, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take container and turn them into healthy care.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about things free, because free is not sustainable.
The curious about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is putting people to work for people, taking the kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to make it sexy.
I want you all to become economic regenerations, guess, gang gardens.
We need to change the script of what a guess is.
If you're not a garden, you're not a gasoline.
That guess take their stick, OK?
And that is their ground of choice.
In sum of it, if you want to meet me, well, if you want to see me, they don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some memory -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick, so you can plant something.
Peace that. Thank you.
Thank you.
(Ambilitated shots --  probably everybody will agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of astrophysicist, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, where it rains a lot.
You can have a lot of water in the asphalt that I say.
And especially if you're moving in your bicycle and these cars pass on, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porn asphalt roads.
The pornography apple, a material that we use now in most of the carriers of the Netherlands, has pore and water can go through it, so all the rainwater flow down to the sides and will have a road that is easy to drive, and they won't be able to save water again.
Noise will also disappear in these pores too.
Because it's very huge, all the noise will disappear -- so it's a very silent road.
It also has disconnects, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can get rid of it.
What's the defending of that? You see that in this road, the stones of the surface are gone.
First of all, a stone, then several more and more and more, etc., and then -- well, I'm not going to do that.  But they can give you their paradise, and you're not happy with that.
And finally, this can lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create bugs with that.
Oh. It's ready.
Backwords, of course, that you can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can really see how the damage appears in this material.
It's a porn apple, like I said, so it only has a small amount of advantage between the stones.
Because of the interpreter, to the LED light, to the oxygen, this advantage, this beard, this beach, the glue between the rivers, it will cool, and if you get it, you will be microscoped and get rid of the add.
So if you drive through the road, you add the added -- as we saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think about support materials.
If we can make this material support itself, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool from that to clean sands, and we can cut the steel wool into very small chunks, and we can mix those little bits with the button.
So we have a asphalt with little bits of steel wool on it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, you use to cook -- a machine of industry.
The industry can heat up, especially steel, is very good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the button, the button flow through these microbes and the stones will look back at the surface.
Today I used a microphone oven, because I can't bring the great factory machine here to the stage.
The microwave honor is a similar system.
I put the sample, which I'm now going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there and then the government, really saw our results, and they thought, "Well, that's very interesting. We have to try it."
So they donated us a piece of road, 400 meters from the American highway, where we had to do a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there. You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage. That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and test them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge on them, and then we repair them with our manufacturing machine and we repair them and we were going to try again.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers by incorporating these fibers, using the power of industry to actually increase the surface of the surface of the road, even the life of the surface of the road, even to double a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they're curious about whether this was also working.
We still have the sample here. It's pretty hot.
Actually, you have to face first before you can show you how it acts repair act.
But I'm going to make a try.
Let's see. Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11 years old, I remember waking me one morning with the sound of the judge in my house.
My father was listening to BBC News on his little gray radio.
He had a great smile in his face that was unusual at those times, because the news usually depressed.
The Taliban were stopped. I scream my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
"Now you can go to a real school, he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban came up from Afghanistan and made illegal that girls went to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to hide my older sister, who could no longer be alone to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could both educate them.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were headed.
We had to hide the books on market bags so that we were buying it.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck on a small room.
It was nice in the winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Every once in a while, the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban was suspected.
We always wondered what they knew of us.
Were you following us?
Did you know where we lived.
We were amazingly, but still, the school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow up in a family where education was appreciated and the daughters a test.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total incomplete from a remote province from Afghanistan. He insisted that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so her father was represented.
But my education mother became a teacher.
This is her.
It will go back two years ago, just to turn our home in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is, was the first of his family in receiving education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban.
For him, there was a bigger risk not to educate his children.
Over the years of the Taliban -- I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to reinvent, but my father said, "Me daughter daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money. You can force your house during a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, which is here and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So do you still want not to continue?
I'm 22 years old.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed by decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the barrier, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find myself here proud of graduating at Michelle College.
When I returned to Afghanistan, my grandfather, the one that was tested from his home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to be able to do.
He didn't just get rid of my college degree, but I was the first woman, and I'm the first woman, which I carry it down through the streets of Kabul.
My family believes me.
I dream big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global 1014 global ambassador, a global campaign to educate women.
It's so I cofounded SOPA, the first and perhaps the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country where it's still risky for girls going to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to leverage the opportunity.
And I see their parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, despite a destroyed opposition.
It's like Ahmed. It's not his true name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went on the way from SOPA to his village, and literally they were scared from being killed by a bomb on the way, per minute.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice warned him that if he kept sending her daughter to school, he would try.
"Tell me already, if you like, he said, "But not give the future of my daughter for his old and remarkable idea."
What I've realized in Afghanistan, and it's something that is often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we translate, there's a father who recognized the value of his daughter and he sees the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean our mothers have not been key in our success.
In fact, they're the first compelling intense of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban. The girls who went to school are in hundreds of hundreds -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, over three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in the United States.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops retrievement.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I see the students in my school and their parents who advocate for them, they encourage them, I see a promise future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and possibilities, and every day, the USA girls remind me.
Like me, they dream big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in the existence," "Hi, resistant Gada. fight him.
But you never become a Garden style revolution.
They've spent almost two years since the liberal revolution was inspired by the officers of mass mobility so much of the Tunisian revolution as the Egyptian revolution.
A forces with a lot of other liberal citizens, inside and outside the country to call a factory day and start a revolution against the China Chinese regime.
And we succeeded. It was a big revolution.
Women and young released young men were in the vaniaple, requiring the fall of the regime carrying freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown an example of the face of the brutal drug of Gadwei.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the Extreme East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a six months of brilliant war and a few losses of approximately 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the strand.
But Gaddon left a heavy burden of shirt, a legacy of stranger, corruption and self-desertifications seeds.
For four decades, the China Chinese regime destroyed infrastructure, culture and moral structure of liberal society.
From the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted, together with many other women, rebuild liberal civil society, demand an inclusive transition and right towards democracy and national reconciliation.
It was about 200 organizations in Beijing during and immediately after the Garden fall in George, about 300 in Tribato.
After a 33-year-old period, I went back to Libya, and with a unique enthusiasm I started organizing workshops about developing capacity, leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the Little Life platform by the Peace -- a movement of women, leaders, of very diverse orientation to advocate the social autonomy of women and for our right of equal participation in the building of democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the practical period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized -- which is model of the policies of dominance and exclusion.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won a 175 percent of the National Congress in the first 52 years.
However, the effort of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing, every day we found violence news.
And one day we woke up with the news of ancient mosques and Sufi tumors.
Another day I announced with the murder of the American Ambassador and the attack to the consumer.
Another day we woke up with the news from the murder of the army officer.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and their continued violations.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is polite more, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
Interconnection, exclusive and venture became the icons of the consequences of the revolution.
I'm not here today to inspire you to our story of the success of the credit list and the elections.
Rather, I'm here to confess that we, as a nation, choose bad, we make the wrong decision.
We didn't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace and stability and security to Liberia.
The credit list and the alternative between candidate and candidates brought peace and national recommendation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society still pollinated and dominated with political domain and exclusion, both by men like women?
Perhaps what was missing wasn't only women, but the female values of compassion, mission and inclusion values.
Our society needs national dialogue and the creation of consensus more than the elections, which only reported polarization and divide.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the female to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mission.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not just honoring but also put the mission in practice instead of veneration, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war desperately desperately in order to achieve peace.
Because peace has an ancient that tries to interact and alternative between female perspectives and malaria.
That's the real creature.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a sociological form.
According to the Koran Salard vehicle -- it's the word of the Missian God -- "I replace, compassion."
At the same time, the word "Ramp") which is known in all the arms tradition, has the same root in Arabic than the word "radio -- symbolic and maternal -- that spans up all the humanity of the men and women, which all tribes and all the peoples have been pregnant.
And so just like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of the complete compassion all existence.
This is how you tell us, "My merciful absorbed all things.
This is how you say, "My mission prevents about my anger.
That all of you are infected the grace of microscope.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an inconstructive question, which has an equally inconservation response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is the one that everybody is doing always, why does she get?
Why would anyone be staying with a man who put him with a man who stopped?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old. I was just headed at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first job as a writer and editor in Send magazine.
I had my first apartment. My first green American card Extrup, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many, many times, the man, that I created my twin soul, pointed to the head with a pill, loaded with ball balls.
The man who loved more than anyone in this world, put a gun in my head and threatened to kill me more times than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of love love," a psychological trap. Love discovered, where they fall down every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be their story.
I don't look like a typical survival of domestic violence.
I'm a Life University of Harvard at Harvard University and I have an MBA in Martin Business School at Martin.
I've spent most of my career working for the Fortune 500 list companies -- Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burns and The Washington Post, Le Bush.
I take almost 20 years married with my second husband and we have three children.
My dog is a black liver and I drive a monitoring honor Hono.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all the races, all the religions, all the levels of retirement and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence passes women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the males are men, and domestic abuse is only going on in intimate relationships, independent and long duration or saying otherwise, in the families, the last place where we want, or we would expect to find violence by which, the domestic abuse is so discovering.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who beat him, and actually I was a very typical victim because of my age.
He was 22 years old, and in the United States women between 16 and 24 years old are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by partners, nights and abusive men in the United States.
I also went a typical victim, because I knew nothing about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and a rain night of January.
I was sitting next to my side in the subway of New York City, and he started floating with me.
He told me two things.
The first was that he had just been licensed from a university of the Ivan Lean and worked in a very important bank of Wall Street.
But the thing that struck me the most about that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a young guy.
He had big molecules like apples, and a wheat, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Congo did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the mate.
He did it about everything at the beginning, putting in a pedestrian.
We started out and I loved it all of me, which was list -- that I had gone to Harvard, which was passionate to help teenage girls and my work.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and dreams.
I believed in me, as a writer, and as a woman, as nobody had ever done it.
And that's why the license in that prestigious school and the work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much relevance to him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to seduced and do the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was I was going to go from New York City and leave my dreams, but I thought I had to make a sacrifice for your partner, so I accepted I took my work and Congo and I went together from Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a local love, which was entering a physical trap.
The next step in domestic violence is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it react to.
And this is where you go into the stage of the pills.
As soon as New England moved to New England you already know, that site where Congo had to feel so secure you bought three highways.
One had the car guitar.
Another one was stored under the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those historians because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guns were actually a message for me and, even though I had never raised my hand, my life was in serious danger, every minute of every day.
The first physical attack of Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning and still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 monsoons in my neck had disappeared, I put my mother's boyfriend, and married him.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him, and he also wanted me so much.
And I was very, very remarkable.
It just felt very anglet by the wedding and for making a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never hurt me.
I spent twice as much in our mind of honey.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach and I lost me, and he gave me so strong in the head that I bounce several times against the venture of the car.
And then a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he ran through the traffic and threw a Big Mac to the face.
I kept putting me one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One in three American women is a victim of domestic violence or access at some point in their life, and the Center of Disease of Disease of Disease is reported that every year 15 million children are male male, 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
And I go back to my question: Why do I stay there?"
The answer is simple.
I didn't know he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman in love with a deeply adolescentive man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Canada face her demons.
The other question that everybody does is, why don't it simply march?
Why didn't I go? I could have gone at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and stronger question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that normally you ignored you, it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a malaria.
Because the last phase in domestic violence is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the murder in cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after they march, because then the abuse has nothing to lose.
Other reputations include the permanent condition, even after the gas has come back to married, financial resources, and manipulation criminal system of family to tackle the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend the time who beat their mother.
And yet we keep wondering why simply isn't it?
I was able to go, because of a last Palestinian shock that came out of my denial.
I realized that the man I loved so much, would have killed me if I had allowed it.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody the world -- the police, my neighbors, to my friends and family, to complete unknown, and I'm here today because you all helped me.
We have the tendency to structure victims as spiritual headlines -- autonomous women, damaged goods.
The question "Why is it left?
For some people this is a way to say, "The guilt is yours to be stayed, as if the victims will inevitably fall in love with men who want to destroy me.
But since I published "Local Love," I've heard of hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scaried, who learned an inexpensive lesson of what happened to them and reinvented their lives and happy lives as employees, wife and mothers, lives completely free of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I got married with a man and a nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black barbaria and also that mineral.
What I'm not going to go back to has never got more, ever, is a charge post pointing to my head in somebody who says he wants me.
Right now, you're thinking, "Hall, that's fascinating: or Hall, how silly it was, but this whole time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people, which are listening to me right now, who are being manipulated or they were being so small or they're absorbed themselves.
The malaria could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy love of the silence.
And I'm still doing it today.
It's my way of helping other victims, and it's my last request to you.
They talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse is just in silence.
They have the power to end up with domestic violence simply shedding light on it.
Victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
They take the stick to the light talking about it with their children, their jobs, their friends and family.
They reframe their vision of survivors like fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize early signs of violence to consciously intervene their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together, we can turn our bed, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful listeners that should be.
Thank you.
Hi. I call me Cameron Russia, and for a while, I'm a model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that right now, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have seen this --  luckily, I've brought clothes to change me.
This is the first change of clothing on a TED stage, so you are very lucky to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when I showed up, they don't have to do it right now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think of me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These tactics are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is going to go through the head, because it's when they're going to laugh from me, so they don't do anything as I cover my head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but it also surfaces.
I have totally changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I never had a girlfriend in real life.
And the photographer was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer told me that he would draw the back and to grab the hair of the kid.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial brown like the one that I did two days ago for work, there is very little that we can do to transform our respect, which, even though superficial and immune has a huge impact on our lives.
So today, to me, being a courageous means to be honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice, white woman, and in my lab sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people are always doing to me, but in a sincere way.
The first question is, how do you become model?
And I always say, a cancer discovered me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I became model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries we have not only defined beauty as health, juvenile and symmetry -- which we are biologically programmed to admire too, we also associate it to a high and stranded shape, to feminist and a white skin.
And that's my heritage -- heritage that I've been able to leverage to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now show a scientist, and maybe there are some lovers of the fashion that say -- wait. That's Namibia, Titan, Joan Smiles, Liz Wenth.
First of all, the happy things for knowing so much of models. It's amazing.
But unfortunately, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at the University of New York counted every single models in the runway, and the 77 hire models -- only 27 -- I mean, less than four percent, they weren't white.
The next question that people are always doing is, can it be model when it's grown up?"
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't know that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president from the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a nanotechnology carbon surgeon, which would be awesome.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist -- no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say, "I know my boss, I know.
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the redesign chief of American Voice magazine or the CEO executive director or the next Steven Melinda.
To say more of you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you are larger.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job that you can choose to.
I'm going to show you everything I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike the bureaucratic surgery, it can go back right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Unfortunately, once you've finished your studies, and you have a curriculum and a few jobs on your back, no matter what you say, if you said you wish to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, "You want to be president of the United States, but your curriculum said, model clothing for 10 years, people would look at you weird.
The next question that people are always doing is if all the pictures are retreated.
And yes, they basically gather all the pictures, but that's just a small part of what happens.
This was the first picture that I was taken, and also the first time I used a bike, and I didn't even have my period yet.
I know that we're entering the personal field, but it was a girl.
So it looks like my grandmother a few months earlier.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am in a paradigm party a few days before the photos for French Voice.
So here I am with my football team and the magazine.
And this is me at the time.
And I hope you realize that I'm not in those pictures.
They are creations of a group of professionals, helicopters, machines, photographers and statistics, and all their aid and post-conflict people, and they get to create this. That's not me.
Well, the next question that people are always doing is, you get things free for free?
I have too many two-dimensional takes and I never use, except for the last few but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and once I went to a store and I forgot about taking money, and they gave me the free dress for free.
When I was a teenager, I was traveling with my friend who was a driver post, and he jumped out a red season, and of course, they stood up, and I had some sorry, agents in order to keep going.
I enjoy these privileges for my look, not for what I am. And there are people who are paying a price for their way no matter who they are.
I lived in New York City, and last year, from the 14,000 teenagers who were given and record, 86 percent were black and Latino -- and most of them were young men.
And there are only 17,000 black and Latin in New York, so for them, it's not a question of me?
But how many times will I stand up? And when how many times will I be?
In researching this talk, I found out that the 53 percent of the girls in the United States in the United States don't like their body, and that number is elevated to 78 percent at 17.
So the last question that people are doing is, what is life of a model like?
And I think the answer you expect is, if you're a little bit deeper, and you have the brightest hair, you feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it seems.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative people, resourceful, passionate people.
And that's all true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them, is: I'm insecure.
And I am because I have to worry about my aspect every day.
And if you ever ask, with some more thin legs and the brightest hair, it will be happier.
They just have to gather together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest and the clothes more to fashion but are probably the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial oppression and gender when I am one of the greatest benefits.
If there's something that I hope from this talk, I hope that everybody feels more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have of success and failure.
Thank you.
photography has been my passion since I was much bigger enough to support a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures -- and I wasn't that I got it.
There were no artistic directors, no statistics, no chance to repeat the photos, not even a minimum care of lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story starts when I found in New York City to give a point, my wife took this picture to my daughter holding my daughter on his first birthday. That's the 57 and five percent.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes now.
When the third birthday of my daughter, my wife said to me, why don't you take you to New York City on a park trip and you continue the ritual?
This is when we started asking the tourists to go on to get the picture.
It's surprising that the gesture of giving the camera to a complete unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied and, fortunately, no one has ever fled with the camera.
So we were not aware of how much life this journey would change us.
It became something sacred for us.
This picture is from a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand him.
These pictures are much more than the representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us reflect about our time and our evolution over the years, and not just a physical level, but in all the senses.
Because, even though we always take the same picture, our perspective changes, my daughter reach up new hosts, and I can see life through your eyes and how you perceive and interact with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect for illusion all year.
Recently, on one of the travel, we were walking around, when all of a sudden he stopped in dry and pointed out a red towel of the wrist store that I had a little bit of time in previous view.
And I was described by what had felt about five years in that same place.
I started to remember his heart car heart with force when you saw that place nine years ago.
And now what you look at in New York is universities, because he's determined to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things that we created is memories.
So I want to share the idea of actively engaging in conscious creation of memories.
I don't know about you, but apart from these 15 pictures, I don't go out in many of the familiar pictures.
I'm always a picture of the picture.
Today I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't doubt to come up with somebody and ask them, "Would you take a picture of us?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The Buddhist are in the most threatening birds.
First of all, why are bad press press?
It's also associated with Disney laughter personalized like metal characters, dumb, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following laughter pressure, applause and allights these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament. But I don't accept it.
I don't accept it. You know why?
Because the members of Parliament don't keep the environment clean --  Paralysis don't help prevent the spread of disease.
They're hardly moving.   They're far away from extinction.  And I mean, my favorite, the Buddhist have better presence --   There are two types of bus on this planet.
There are the New World Buddhists that are mainly in the Americas, like condoms and carbon, and the funds of the Old World, where we have 16 species -- from this 16, 11 facing a high risk of extinction.
So why are the Buddhist important? First of all, they provide vital ecological services, limitation.
They are our natural garbage records.
They clean the captain to the bone.
They help kill all bacteria. They help absorb the anthrax that not to be for them to be extended and causing great losses of livestock and diseases in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there is no future, the captain takes from three to four times to be depressed, and this has huge branching in the spread of disease.
The Buddhist also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated to the old Egyptian culture.
Nepal was the symbol of the protective and the material, and along with the cover, they simulated the unit between the Alto and the Union English.
In Hindu mythology. Jamaica was the Buddhist god -- and he risked his life to save the story of the 10th of Raisuddin 10, Raisuddin dead.
In Tibetan culture, they make a very important open sky buried in places like Tibet. In places like Tibet. There's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these buses provide a system of natural elimination system.
What's the problem with fun?
We have eight species of bus in Kenya, which is where six are on extreme extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned and the reason they're being invented is because there are conflict between humans and favorite -- the parallel communities use this venom against predators, and as a consequence, the Buddhist are victims of this.
In South Asia, countries like India and Pakistan, four species of Buddhist are on the danger critical list of extinction, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like the Dictatorian.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and have taken a post.
Since there's no fun, there has been a spread in the number of dogs in cardboard vegetables, and when you have street dogs -- you have a huge bomb of time for retirement. The number of cases of yellowfin has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind parks in Africa, 352 and an activate will be on top of the Turkey.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because wind turbines do this to birds. They cut them in half.
They're bird traffickers.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead bus to serve the fruit and the federal market.
So what is this being doing? Well, we're looking at these birds. We are putting them transmission.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that they travel by different countries, so focus on a problem is not going to serve anything.
We have to work with governments at the regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating funny, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and the services that they have.
How can you help be actually active, make noise. You can write a letter to your government and tell them we need to focus on these very awkward creatures. Give their time to spread the word. Discover the word.
When you get out of this room, you're going to report to you about the Buddhist business, but they talk to their families, with their children, with their neighbors about the Buddhist forests.
They are very elegant. Charles Darwin said he changed the opinion because he saw them flying without effort, no energy spending on the sky.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every single thing I do and everything I profoundly do -- my life has been mold for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1991 to 1977, Luce young --  I am no longer --  I worked on Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast and Somalia -- in projects of technical cooperation with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO and every project we established in failing Africa.
And I was perceived.
I thought, at the age of 21, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
Instead of that, everything we did is we analyzed it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book, "Earl of the Zambia, was a project where some Italian, we decided to teach people from Zambia.
So we got with Italian seeds to the south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that goes down to the Zambian River, and we teach the local local tomatoes and heated tails, and ...
Of course, people were not at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes they don't agree --  We were astonished that the local brands, in so fractured valley, had not had agriculture.
But instead of asking you how it could be not crowded anything, we just said, "Thank God we are here."  Right in time to save the people in the humor of the famine.
And of course, everything in Africa was crowded.
We got these magnificent tomatoes in Italy, a tomato transmission to this size. In Zambia, to this size.
And we couldn't believe it, we were telling the the the the campaigns: "Look how easy the agriculture is.
When tomatoes were pretty the mass and models and red, at night in the morning, about 200 hypotheses they appeared from the river and ate everything.  And we said to the wars, "Oh my God, we hit them.
And the worms said, "Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here --  "Why didn't they say it? You never asked.
I thought that only we the Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I felt pretty proud of our project at Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hypotheses.
You should see the waste,  you should see the waste that we gave them to the people who are trusted in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read it "Dead Death Dead "Dead Death."
The book was published in 2009.
We, the Western donor countries, we have delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I'm not going to tell you about the damage that the money has caused me.
They just read their book.
Land from an African woman, the damage that we have done.
The Westerners are imperative, colonized missions, and we treat people just in two ways, or we have them, or we are pathological.
The two words come from the Latin radio rat, which means "Parent."
However, they mean two different things.
Patient, I treat any one of a different culture as if they were my children. "I want a lot of it."
Patriarchal, I treat all of a different culture as if they were my services.
So the whites in Africa are called "Baby: Cheeto.
That book gave me a slap in the face -- "I'm small in the face -- beautiful is beautiful -- written by Schumbal, who said for all of economic development, if people don't want to be help, solar diegents.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is to respect it.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said, can we imagine a city that isn't neocortex?
I decided to just answer the people, and I invented a system called Facebook Facebook where you never started anything, you never start anything, you never motivate anyone, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of the local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So, what do you do? You shut down.
He never gets to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of the local people.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee. We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figured out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what will you?
The passion that she has for its own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for its own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then we help them find the knowledge because nobody in the world can be successful alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not we, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why no, for one time, we hear them? But not community meetings.
Let me tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
The entrepreneurs never support, and they will never tell you, in a public meeting, what they want to do with their own money, which opportunity they've identified from.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work one to one, and we work face-to-face to face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You have to create a new profession.
The profession is the family family doctor of the company, the family family doctor, who set up with you in your house, at the coffee table, and that helps you find resources to transform their passion in a way of making their life.
I started this as a test in Earth, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at the time, trying to get away from this condition trash.
In one year, I had 27 projects, and the government came to me and I said, "How can you do that?
How can you do it? And I said, "I did something very, very, very difficult thing.
I shut up and I hear it."  So the government says, "High again."  We have done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of solution.
Peter Dragon, one of the most great business advisers in history, passed back to '96, a few years ago.
Peter Dragard was philosophy professor before we got involved in business, and this is what Peter Dragon: Planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company economy.
Planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you now rebuild Christopher without knowing what the most useful people in Christopher want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come to conversation with you.
You have to offer them confidence, privacy, it has to be fantastic when you help them, and then they will access, you will come into mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion.
Which is the presentation you apply more this morning.
Local people passionate -- that's what you have applied.
So what I'm telling you is that the spirit spirit is where it is.
We are at the end of the first industrial result of fossil fuels, non-visual fossil -- and from one point to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
The brakes as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we not automatically, we cure, we educated, we translate, we communicate to seven billion people, in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who is going to invent technology for the green revolution for the green revolution -- the universities forget them?
Government? Forget the government?
It's going to be the entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's an amazing story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the 1960s.
And in 1860, this group of people came together, and they specialized what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was unimaginable, New York City wouldn't exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and signals, if the population keeps growing up to this rate, to bring them to the population of New York around them, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced by six million horses would be impossible to be able to address.
They were already getting announced in station.  So in 1860, they were divided this dirty technology that would build New York City.
So what happens? In the next 40 years, in the next 40 years, in the United States they came up with 2001, automatic manufacturing companies.
And the idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed and there were very few scans, scans, factories in separate places.
Derek, Michigan. Henry Ford Ford.
But there is a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First of all, you have to offer them confidence.
In another way, they won't come to talk to you.
And then you have to offer them an absolute absolute, dedicated service.
And basically, you will have to tell you about the truth of understanding it.
The smallest company, the largest company, has to be able to do three things: the product that you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to have a fantastic commercial, and you have to count with a great financial administration and you have to count with a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've looked at the 100 coastal companies of the Carnegie world, Western, Edinburgh, Ford all the new companies, Google, Yaddar.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: No one was started by one person.
Never the word "I was, but the word "We are 32 times.
He wasn't only when he started.
Nobody starts a company alone. No one.
So, we can create the community where we have facial facials, who come from a small business environment sitting on capitals, in bars along with their demonstrated shrimp who will be doing for you, which someone is talking about this empathy, somebody who talks to you about this epidemic, somebody who will ask you, what does it need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
Okay, can you sell it? Can you look for money?
"Oh, no, I can't do that. I want you to look for somebody something?
We activate communities.
Thank you.
People around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all of the neighbors, so we don't exchange very much knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
Over the last few years I've tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-assembly, plastic and chalk.
So these projects came out of questions like, how much pay my neighbors for their approaches?
How can we borrow and borrow more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do we share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes to empty stores so that our communities can reflect today our needs and dreams.
I live in New Orleans, and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with giant robots that give shadows to lovers and erased and soldiers for centuries and trust in a city.
It always goes to music --  there is a defense in New Orleans.  The city has one of the most beautiful architects in the world, but also one with the greatest number of abandoned U.S. properties.
I live near this house, and I thought how I could turn it into a more nice space for the neighborhood, and also in something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joey, like a mother for me.
Her death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this produced me deep gratitude over time.
He gave clarity to the significant things of my life today.
But I believe for keeping this look in my everyday life.
I think it's easy to let it catch through the day for day and forget the really important thing for you.
So with the help of old and new friends transformed the wall of this house abandoned in a giant pig and painted on her to completely die, before he died, I want to.
So the transistors could take a chalk. reflect over their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to expect from this experiment, but the next day I was reported, and I kept covering it.
And I'd like to share some things that people were writing on the wall.
Before I die, I want to be judged by piano."  Before I die, I want to sit on the line of hacker change."
Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people."
Before I die, I want to plant a tree.
Before I die, I want to live outside the network."
Before I die, I want to hug it one more time.
Before I die, I want to go to somebody's rescue.
Before I die, I want to be completely myself."
This abandoned space became constructive and dreams and hopes of people made me laugh at cardiologists, they destroyed me, and they gave me comfort in hard times.
It's about knowing that you're not alone. It's about understanding our neighbors in new and scary, and it's about shaping the reflection and the conclusion, and to remember what is the most important thing for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit and now they have been made walls in countries around the world, like Kazak, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together, we demonstrated the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of distribution -- it's more important than ever, finding ways to preserve perspective and remembering that life is briefly and delicate.
death is something that we often avoid talking about, or even thinking, but I understood that preparing to death is one of those things that makes us more power.
And thinking about death is our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better what matters to us as individuals and as a community and more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my sisters.
Rement is 22 years old, it's high and very guide.
It doesn't speak, but it transmitted better than some of the best speakers.
Rement knows what love.
It shares immediately what happens.
It's not an average. It doesn't look at the color of the skin.
It doesn't care about the religious differences and look at this: never mind.
When I sing songs from our childhood, trying to make words that I wouldn't even remember, I remember one thing: how little we know about the mind and how wonderful it should be the unknown thing.
Samuel is 16 years old. It's high -- it's very guidance.
It puts the most unpredictable memory of memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
It doesn't remember if I stole my charter, but I remember the year I came out of each of the songs of my iPod -- conversations that we kept when I was four years old, to make a paper in my arm during the first episode of the Telescopes and the Law Gaga birthday.
Don't you seem amazing?
But most people don't.
And in fact, because their minds don't fit into the concept of society of society, they're often ignored and understood.
But what I pushed to my heart and strengthen my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they wouldn't consider them within the ordinary thing, that could only mean one thing: that they were extraordinary.
Now, for those fewer families with the term autonomy: it's a brain disorder that affects social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In every individual is manifestations differently, that Rement is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism, and even though it's one of the disorders of development that it increases faster in the world, there is no cause to know known.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years old when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited about having a new being in my life.
When a few months, I realized that he was different.
I yelled a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
And he was living in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing washing and eating anything that would be between the media.
As it grew up, it became more different, and the differences were made more evidence.
But beyond barriers, frustration and international hypertext, there was something really unique -- a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without preparations, a human being that had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some difficult moments in my family, the moments I wish they were just like me.
But I look back at the things that I've taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they are things that don't want to change for normal.
The normality, the beauty goes through the beauty that gives us the differences and the fact that it will be different doesn't mean that it's wrong.
It just means there's a different view of what's right.
If I could convey it one thing to Rement and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autism or not, the differences we have -- each one of us has a gift inside and honestly, the pursuit of normal.
The opportunity for the greatness and progress and change dies at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit what had been to be Alice in the Mars of the Wonders.
Penn State asked me to me, a communications teacher who gave a kind of communication to engineering students.
He was frightened.  As scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their big and unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice must have felt when I fell down the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
Just so I felt like I had those conversations with the students, and I was surprised by the ideas that they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to opening that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to the environment, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not as scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please talk about simplification.
I want to share some suggestions about how they can do it to make sure that the science is sexy and their engineering is attractive.
First of all, I ask you to answer me, and so what?
Tell us why science is relevant to us.
Don't just tell us that they study the trees, but they study the trees, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat support.
And when they're describing their science, they care for black.
Green is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say "Space and temporary, but why not space and time that is much more accessible to us?
Make them accessible is not the same thing as to make them tons.
Instead, as Einstein said, that everything is as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate your science without engaging ideas.
Something to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies -- are ways of delightful and excitement with their content.
And by presenting his work, forget about the signs of balance."
They have wondered why they're called balls?  What do the balls do the balls? The bullet kill, and kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it supports too much in the language of our brain and absorbed us.
Instead, this example of General Brown examples is much more effective -- it shows that the special structure of the trees is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower, the single design.
The trick here is to use a simple phrase -- that the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphs that apply our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding of what's described to you.
I think these are just some key people that can help others open the door and look at the country of the wonders that is science and engineering.
And so, scientists and engineers, when they have solved this equation, all over the middle, held with simplification.  Thank you.
One of my favorite words from the entire English dictionary is Solemaleku.
Just because it sounds very well.
And "Soldier means destiny policy.
Even though there was a 19th century of the 19th century that he defined a lot better when he said, "A solubility is the one who looks for a public charge without a party or a platform or a principle -- that when you win -- you get it by the mere use of a religious vertical vertebrate."
I have no idea what it means "The "metabolic means.
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the basis of politics, and that all politicians know that they have to try to dominate the language.
It wasn't until -- for example, 1771 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were said in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the courage of a guy with the inspiration of Brazil Crossur, who was faced with Parliament.
He was put in the Tower of London and they sent it up, but he was brave enough of facing them, and at the end it had such popular support in London who won.
And only a few years later, we had the first record use of the phrase "That "stores as the metal."
Most people think it's literal to you.
It's not. It's because of a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to go back to the U.S., right after the independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country.
This was in Congress for a long time.
They were introduced all kinds of suggestions that might have freed.
Some people wanted to call it "Jefferson of Washington Washington," and others, his Alter George Washington, and other Defense of the American Liberity Libertares.
It's not very attractive.
Some of them just wanted to call it "Reagan."
They thought it was a terrible quality.
And not even that they were monolitarial, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline.
And it could have served it.
Everybody got immensely excited because this debate was strike for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor sensor, and I always wrote, "All with this issue.
What caused the portrait and the punishment was the House of Republicans was against Senate.
The House of Republicans didn't want Washington to get rid of power.
They didn't want to call it King for if it was given to him or to his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give you the most modest title of title and more inefficient and more limited that it came to be.
And that title was President."
President. They didn't invent the title -- it already existed before, but it only meant somebody who presents a meeting."
It was like the president of a jury.
And it didn't have much more great than the term "capital or "supermarket."
There were some evidence of small colonial hospitals and government failures, but it was really a talent talent.
And that's why the Senate is opened.
They said, "It's ridiculous. We can't call it President."
This guy has to sign and meet with foreign digital."
And who will seriously take a little bit of a ridiculous and insignificant title as President of the United States?
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't check.
We can learn three interesting things about all of this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to figure out, the Senate has never declined the title of President.
President Barack Obama is going to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing we can learn is that when a government says that a measure is temporary --  -- it is possible that we keep waiting for 223 years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and I want to leave you with this, is that the U.S. President title doesn't really sound so modest today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads at availability, the largest economy of the world and a flower of air vehicles and so on.
Reality and history have been given to the grandmaster title ...
So at the end, I won the Senate.
They got their responsibility.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of synchrony, well, it was a uniqueness by the time.
But do you know how many nations you have now president?
And everything because they want to sound like the guy who has the 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end of the Senate Senator and the House of Republicans lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell them that they're now the U.S. President now.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and that I would like to leave you.
Politicians try to pick up and use the words to shape and control reality, but really the ultimate reality much more the words than what these might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet underground.
The air is loaded with heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk about, but above all, that car of male tanks and stones party with primitive tools.
Like others, I carry a cheap light line of light on the head with this analogies elephant, and I can barely distinguish the resources of that hole of that hole of that hole that drops hundreds of feet on the ground.
And I was resonated by my hand, and suddenly I remember a mining mining that I met days before, who lost control and dropped feet in that poet.
As I talk to you today, these men are deep in the deep hole of that hole risking their lives without paying and reward and, often, dying.
I went out of that hole and went home, but they may never do it, because they are prey of slavery.
In the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in over 70 countries in six continents, and, in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the Vancouver Peace Computer.
Among all the amazing people I met there met the integration of "Free the Salishmakis, an NGO that dedicated to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that there was in the world, but not that grade.
When we finished talking, I felt very bad -- honestly I was embarrassed to ignore this attraction of our days and I thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
And I was a number on the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet "The Suits Director and offer my help.
So I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had already been in many of these places.
Some of them even considered them my second home.
But this time, the dirty transportations will come.
A conservative calculation says that there are more than 27 million people in the world.
It's twice as much Africans displaced during all of these transparent slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual wages of a U.S. worker.
The equivalent of about 50,000 dollars.
However, today you can be started to be used to entire families by generations by 18-year-old anonymous debt.
Amazingly, slavery generates profits from more than 13 billion dollars a year around the world.
Many of you have been fooled with false progress promises and better work and then work that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and can't escape.
The slavery of slavery today operates in trade, the products produced by slaves.
slavery exists in almost everybody -- and yet it's illegal all over the world.
In India and Nepal met the horses of slides.
This strange and formidable show was like entering the old Egypt or the Indian Infinity.
Immerse in a 54-year-old temperature temperature, men, women, children, in fact, all of the entire families wrapped on a heavy mass of dust, mechanically aligned on their heads, to 18 at the same time, and they take them from the ancestors to trucks that are hundreds of feet.
They were displaced by the monitor and the cancer work in silence, doing this task over and over again for 16 or 17 hours a day.
There were no partners to eat, not to drink, and the severe displacement made it to be pretty interesting.
So performed was the heat and the dust that my camera got too hot to the touch, and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes, I had to run to the car to clean the equipment and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I was thinking, my camera gets a much better treatment than these people.
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the teenagers I was on my side quickly grabbed me and said, "Listen, don't do it. Don't do it here."
And it explained to me very clearly that showing emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me, but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give them money, nothing.
I wasn't a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already before.
I had to rely on French the Salishmakis and work within the system for his release, and trust that they would get it.
As soon as I get home to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids carrying rocks over miles for miles on the way to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plans were more heavy than kids who were carrying them and children hold them to their heads with carriers made of pales, ropes and hardwares.
It's hard to present something so abundant.
How can we influence something so insidious but so operating?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 or 17 hours a day without paying because this has been so all their life.
They have nothing to compare to.
When these villagers took away their freedom, the slaves were entirely burnt their homes.
When I hear the word slavery often thought of sexual traffic, and because of this global awareness that would be difficult for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, I was struck by women who had previously been sexual slaves.
I was driven by some analytical staircase that gave this dirty subject, full fluorescent light.
It wasn't exactly a burden.
It was rather a restaurant.
Responsibility as it's known in the office, they're local for forced prostitution.
They have small rooms, private rooms where the women with their girls and children, some of just seven years -- they're forced to train the clients and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Every single pole is dark and dirty -- identified by a number painted on the wall and divided by a biomass and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their clients.
And standing in the public, I remember making sense of a friendly fear, and in that instant, I could barely imagine what it must be to stay caught in that hell.
I only had a salad," the stairs where I went in.
There were no back doors.
There were no big enough windows like the trip.
Those people have no scarce, and because we play a very difficult topic, it's important to point that slavery -- even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people slaves in agriculture, in restaurants in the domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are selling every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
Textiles are another activity that we often relate to with slave labor hands.
I visited Indian villages where there were entire families enslaved in the silk trade.
This is a family portrait of family.
The black hands of black are from the father, the blue roofs and red tents of their children.
They mix together these big barrels and dip silk on liquid to the elbow, but the ink is toxic.
My interpretation told me their stories.
We don't have freedom, they said.
"We still hope, though, can be able to get out of this house someday one day and go somewhere else where our work really pays us.
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children enslave in Lake Volument, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family in a boat, two older brothers, some younger kids, make sense of sense right?
Wrong. They were all slaves.
Children are separated from their transformed families, disappeared and forced to work rooms in these boats in the lake, even though they don't know swimming.
This boy is eight years old.
When our boat came up was shifting it, his little canoe was embarrassed.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into water.
The branches of the transmission trees in Lake Voltage are often catching networks and children, fascinated and fear.
Many of them are shooting.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work in the lake.
For fear of his love is not going to flee and, like all life has been treated with cruelty, it usually deals with the younger slaves under their command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they raised the latest networks, but they had been working from the one one.
In the cold and a version at night.
And it keeps pointing out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're filled with fish.
I want to introduce you to Koko.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where French the Salishmakis the Salitarians restricted in the victims of slavery.
I solidified the possible.
Who will come to be because of someone who decided to make the difference in their life?
I drove for a road in Ghana with partners from French the Salvas, an abstract partner.
It asked us to follow it over a land to the jungle.
At the end of the road, we were inspired to come out of the car, and asked the driver to go quickly.
And then I pointed out this path and he said, "This is the way, this is the path. Come on.
As we started to go down, we removed the entrepreneurs that blocked the way and after walking about an hour we found that the path was attached by the recent rain, so I put the photo team on my head as we go into these water to the chest.
After two hours of truck, the symphony ended up in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that I could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with slippery workers.
Many women had kids attached to their backs, and, while they were looking for gold.
The marketing is used in the extraction process.
These miners are enslaved in a piece of Ghana.
When they came out of the pits they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been under land for 72 hours.
Poets have up to 300 feet and these people load heavy stone bags that then will be transported to another area where they would make the stone to be able to extract the gold.
In the first view, the site seems to be filled with strong and victim men, but if you look closer, we see other lucky people and also work for children.
They're all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ends up as this victim of tuberculosis and measure of marketing in a few years.
This is Manuary. When his father died, his uncle took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manuary inherited the debt of uncle that forces him to be slave in the mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines, 14 years and the leg injury that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be ambiguous.
In addition to that, Manuary has T.B. and not obstacles to that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
And yet, he dreams with being released and educated by local activists like French the Salishmakers, and is this kind of determination in face to a remote possibility, which inspires me so much respect.
I want to shine light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we will take testimony of them and we'll do everything that is possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it becomes very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not reviewers. They're people, real people, like you and I, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There is no day that I don't think about these beautiful people, male people, that I've had the great honor to know.
I hope these images wake up a force in those people like you, and I hope that that force lights a fire and that fire shine light on slavery because, without that light, the beasts of slavery can continue to live in the shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do an app math and there's a peculiar problem for the one we are like management consumers.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today I'm going to try to explain to you what I do.
dance is one of the most human activities.
They gave us the victims of the ballet and the concrete dancers -- that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of skill and probably certain initial attitude that can actually have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's bad destroy gradually destroy this extraordinary ability, as it does with my friend Jon Strivil who, at his time, was a virtual ballet dance.
Over the last few years, a lot of the treatment has been made.
But there are 1.3 billion people in the world who are sick, and they have to deal with an incurable debate, temporarily, stiffness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect the disease before it is too late.
We need to be able to measure the progress in objective ways, and ultimately, the only way we know if there's really a cure will be when we have an objective and a certain metaphor.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement there are no biological markers, so don't serve blood analysis, and the best thing we have is a 20-year-old neurological test.
You have to go to a clinic to do it. It's very, very expensive, and that means that outside clinical trials, they never do. Never done.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a difficult journey to clinic. What if patients could do their own themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in neurological clinic.
So what I want to propose to you as a non-violence way to try it, you see, in a certain sense, we are all virtual like my friend Jane Strivil.
This is a video of the vibration.
It shows someone healthy as it emits sounds to speak -- we can imagine like dancers of a vocal balloon, because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds and we all have the genes that we need -- the Facebook, for example.
And, like the balloon, it requires a level of extraordinary training.
Think about time that leads to a child learning how to speak.
From the sound of sound, we can track the position of vocal cords as they vibrate as the vaccine is affecting the extra, it also affects the vocal organs.
In the bottom line you can see an example of terminal temporary free the vocal ropes.
We see the same symptoms.
Deal and reinforcement and right.
The speech becomes more quiet and supposed after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do you compare these tests based on the voice with specialized clinical trials -- well, both of them are non-like.
The neurological test is not invasive -- both use the existing infrastructure.
You don't need to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
They're both precise. Well, but also the extension based extensions are not specialized.
I mean, they can be autonomously.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're minimum and we all know what happens to happen.
And when something takes such a low cost, it shows up mass scale.
These are some amazing goals.
We can reduce the logistics of the patients.
You wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could do low-cost mass recruiting for clinical trials, and for the first time, factors on a general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first disease biomechanics before it is too late.
So by giving the first few steps today in that sense, we're launching the Parkinson's Social Initiative.
Together to Acuss and Photoshops, we want to register a lot of voices around the world to collect enough data and start to address these goals.
We have local lines accessible for about 750 million people in the world.
anyone, with Parkinson's or North, can call it low price and leave recordings for cents and I'm pleased to announce that we have already reached six percent of the goal in just eight hours.
Thank you.   Tom Rielly: So Max taken, taking all these samples of, let's say 10,000 people, say, who is healthy and who doesn't?
What are you going to take out of these shows?
Max Little Little," yeah, yeah. What's happening is that during the call you have to indicate whether or not you have the disease. TR: Sure.
MK: You see, some people may not be done. They may not end up.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and do it in different circumstances is important because we're looking for limiting the confusion factors in pursuit of the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy right now.
MA: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Thanks, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now has shown that it works in the mobile phone network as well, and it aggresside the project. We now have 99 percent accuracy of it.
TR: Ninety-to-three and nine. Well, it's an improvement.
MK: Absolutely.
TR: Thank you very much. Max Little Billies, public.
MR: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I did photographic reforms in New York City.
We are private creatures, gray.
We hide in the dark, in rooms without windows and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the slides even more delighted, the perfect skin even more perfect we do the impossible thing, possible and criticize us in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with a lot of years of experience and a real taste.
On March 11, 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happened in Japan.
Shortly a little bit of time later, an organization where it was voluntary -- the Hans Volument, was in the place working as part of the response team.
Together with hundreds of other volunteers we knew we couldn't stay at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13 traveled to Obama.
It's a small town of fishermen forced in almost 50,000 people -- one of the first people affected by the wave of it.
The regime water level reached over 24 feet tall, and over three kilometers in the ground.
As you can imagine, the village was devastated.
We took companies from channels and sands.
We cleaned schools. We take the elbow and leave the houses ready to be renovated and responsible.
We take tons of tons and tons of fish -- applicated, applicated for local factory.
We were encouraged and loved ourselves.
For weeks, both of the volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and little bits of photos and cameras and cards and cards.
They all did the same thing.
They will collect them and take them to different places of the villages around to keep them going.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that those people had suffering.
As they went from the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started helping in a village assessment center.
It helped clean the common toilets, the huge gardens, bandwidth giant giants.
This place turned out to be in addition to the village where the crash center collects the photos.
They took them, and I had the honor that that day would trust me to clean out the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring -- I had heard the expression beyond horizons, but it wasn't until I transport my horizons that something happened.
When I looked at the photos, I found some who were over a hundred years old, some of them still were on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that trait and knew that trait and knew hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I entered some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive that I knew we had to try.
So we started collecting the photos.
This was the first of all.
I wasn't too strange, but where the water had declared the face of the girl I had to fix with a lot of precision and department.
In another way, that little girl would not have the aspect of it, and that would be as tragic.
Over time, they came out for more photos, and they needed more recorders, so I went into Facebook and LinkedIn, and five days later, 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
Within two weeks, I had 150 people to join me.
In Japan, in July, we were moving to Russia, a neighbor town north of Aaaha.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporal photographic library that had been installed where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time they were to deliver them is a different story, dependent on the awakening of the photos.
It could take an hour. It could be an hour.
It could take months of months.
This mile had to draw virtually by hand using the areas whose color and detail had no destroyed.
I took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures submerged in saltwater water, bacteria covered by bacteria, even with oil oil, all of them along the course of time continue to destroy them, and so we cleaned it by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't gather the picture unless he was clean, dry and had been recovered by his owner.
We were lucky with the cleaning by hand.
We count the guidance of an amazing neighbor.
It's very easy to give even more pictures of it.
As Winning once said, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
I had started to wipe them up itself, but he stopped when he realized that I gave them even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be reconstructed, we could solve the images in a single picture and track the whole picture.
When he picked up his pictures shared some of his story with us.
A few colleagues from his husband found the photos in a bomb station between the companies quite far from where he used to be their house, but his colleagues recognized it.
On the day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the walls to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while the Syrian series.
Their small children, not so small now, but his two children were in college, in different schools.
One was trapped in the water.
He took him a week to find all his family and know everyone had survived.
The day he handed her pictures his younger son 14 years.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do -- something that he could come back to look at, something that could remember the past that hadn't been labeled by that day of March when everything in his life changed or destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers had joined us to Hans hundreds of them helped us clean up with more than 135,000 photographs the great majority -- -- the vast majority -- the great majority came back by their owners.
Over 500 volunteers around the world helped us back to 90 hundred families of totally respected and returning photos.
During this time, we really don't spend more than 1,000 dollars in teams and materials, most of them in ink for printer.
We took photos constantly on.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, somebody wanted.
They are gardens of our memories and stories, the last thing we would take back to us, but the first thing we would go back to look for.
Over this, I was treating the project, to restore small pieces of humanity, to return to somebody their connection to the past.
When a picture like this gets back to somebody, you assume a huge difference in the life of the person who receives it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the records.
Some of them connected to something bigger -- to return something, using their talent for something that won't model perfect skin.
In closing, I would like to read this email -- I sent it Cincell the day that I came back from Japan after six months.
As I returned to it, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in pictures.
One in particular, a picture of women from different ages from grandmother to little girl, gathered around a baby, I moved in, because a similar picture of my family my grandmother, my mother, I and my daughter newested, he hangs out of our wall.
In the entire world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Dr. Eden inspired us and curious inspired by this picture of a bullet that draws an apple in an exhibition of just a millionth of a second.
But now, 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present to you a new kind of photograph, the photographer, a new technique so fast that it can create video camera videos in motion.
And with that, we can create cameras that can see after the rings, beyond the line of vision, or see the inside of the body without using X, and they really defy the idea of camera.
If I take a laser score and light it up and turn it into a billion of a second or so, in various females to create a photo package of just a millimeter of analog.
And that pattern of photons -- that bullet will travel at the speed of light, and again, a million times faster than a common bullet does.
If we take that bullet and this package of photons and we shoot in this bottle, how do you trigger those pictures inside this bottle.
What is the aspect of light in slow motion.
Now, all of this --   remember, that all of this happens effectively in less than a nanotechnology is what it takes to travel light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola didn't apply this research.  They happen a lot of things in this movie, and it will download this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet goes into the bottle with a photo package that starts to go through it, and that, inside, starts to spread.
Part of the light is forged, it goes to the table, and we start to see these conversations.
A lot of the photons finally get to the cape and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside the inside.
In that time, the waves travel around the table, and because of the reflections on the top of the top, it looks at the bottom of the bottle, after several boxes, that the reflected concentrates.
Now, if you take a common and current bullet and we make it go back the same distance, and you see it in slow camera at about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to see that film?
One day? A week? Actually, a whole year.
It would be a very boring film -- of a slow bullet in motion.
And how about testing natural nature?
You can see the waves that go off from the table, from the tomato and the wall.
It's like throwing a stone into a pond.
It's the way nature paint a picture, I think, from a performance at the same time, but of course, our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at it once again, you realize that, as the light is being approved from the tomatoes -- it's still brilliant. It's not discovered.
Why? Because the tomato is mapufeers and the library light inside and goes back and forth from several billions of a second.
In the future, when this female shift is in your cell phone, they will be able to go to the supermarket and check if the fruit is mature without having to touch it.
What do we create this camera at MIT.
As photographers you know, if you take a little exposure picture, you very little light.
But we will go a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so just to get into some light.
We sent that bullet ball, that pattern of photons -- millions of times, and recorded over and over again with a very tight situation, we took those giant data giants, and we trained them computer to create those phenomena that I showed you.
We can take all that raw data and process them interesting.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of a superhero.
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door. Renewable, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
It's where we could extract those multiple light rebels.
It's not science fiction. We already built it.
On the left, there's our pregnancy.
Behind the wall there's a manual and we bounce the light on the door.
After the publication of our paper in Cambridge Communications.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different times.
And because we have a camera that works like this fast, our precommenical, it has unique capability.
It's very good temporary resolution, and you can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point corresponds to what distance distance.
When you project a laser, you can record a picture in brilliant, which, you see on the screen, it doesn't really make any sense.
But we're going to take a lot of images like this, you know, images of images, we will put them together and try to analyze the multiple light rebels, and with that, we can see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D.
This is our reconstruction here.
We have things for exploring before we get this lab from lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid the collision of what is at the turn of the curve.
Or we could look for survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could build entrepreneurs of looking inside the body holding our occupations, and the same thing for carbon.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is pretty difficult, so this is actually a request to scientists so that they start thinking about the phenomena as a new visualization of visualization to solve the problems of the next generation.
Just like Dr. Eden, he was a scientist, turned science into art, an art of survey-foot photographs.
I realized that all the giants of data that we collected each time is not just for scientific visualization, but we can.
Create a new form of computational photography with slow camera and color code with color.
And let's look at those waves. Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billions of a second.
But there is something funny as well.
If you look at the waves under the lid, these are moving away from us.
The waves should move towards us.
What happens here?
It turns out that, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects.
The order of events happening in the world sometimes appear to the camera at times.
By applying the corresponding warping of space and time, we can correct this distortion here.
It's already time. Thank you.
Hello. This is my mobile phone.
A cell can change your life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile cell can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a cell phone you can take a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a cell phone you can record a song, put it up to Sunday and get famous.
All of this is possible with a cell phone.
I'm a child in 1984 and live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, this city.
And here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people were protecting a change.
This is the 1929 fall -- imagine if all these people who are putting together in search of a change, had a cell phone in the pocket.
Who in the present have a cell phone here?
Take them up.
Raise your cell phones.
Let me up. An Android, a Black wood wood."
It's a lot. Almost everyone today has a cell phone.
But today I'm going to talk about my cell phone, and how I changed life.
I'm going to talk about this.
These are 35 800 lines of information.
Brutal data.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U. Commission was a direction.
The Detail of Reality Diegory Diegorys.
This disease says that every European phone company, every Internet supply of the Internet has to store a wide range of information from users.
Who calls to. Who sends an email to who sends an email to.
Who sends you a text who sends you.
And if we use the phone, where we are.
All of this information is stored by at least six months, and to two years, in his phone company or its Internet provider.
And all of Europe people were planted and said, "We don't want this."
They said they didn't want this data return.
We want the authority in the digital age, and we don't want the telephone produces and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests all said, "We don't want this."
And here you can see about 10,000 people who went out on the streets of Berlin and said, "Liberty, not fear.
And some even said that this would be the Stace 2.0 thing.
State was the Eastern Germany.
And I also wondered if this really works.
Can you store all this information about us?
Every time I use the mobile phone?
So I asked my phone Tedrocto, September Telegran, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who please send me all the information they had about me.
I was asked once, and I went back to it, and I didn't get a concrete response. It was all white, blah blah ...
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're protecting my life.
So I decided to start a criminal demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Desuring Telegras said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end, we signed an agreement.
It would kill the demand and they sent me the information I had.
Meanwhile, the German National Court failed the insulin for German director law.
So I got this ugly ball on brown with a CD inside.
And at the CD there was this.
Trivial and five thousand of them are bringing lines of information.
At the beginning, I saw them and I said, well, it's an enormous file. Okay.
But after a while, I realized it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical, what should I do with that?
Because you can see where I am, where I go through the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to come out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data feedback means.
So, along with Zeilm Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom back and zoom away, go back and forward.
You can see every step I go.
And you can see how I go from France in train to Poland, and how often I call in the trajectory.
This is all possible with this information.
That gives a little scary.
But it's not just about me.
It's from all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, and we talk a couple of times.
And then they call me some friends and they call me each other.
And then you call the other, and the other one another, and we end up with this great network of communication.
You can see how your people communicate each other to know what time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the leaders of the group.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who talks to whom, who is sending an email to who, and this is all possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, and until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin in the fall of 1989, you had a cell phone in the pocket.
And the Stan had known who participated in this protest, and, if the Stan had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall, maybe never happened.
And in conclusion, neither is the Earth Cortex.
Because today state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and outside the web.
They want to have the possibility of following our lives and they want to store them forever.
But authority and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But you have to fight for authority.
You have to fight for that every day.
When they go home to your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not going to happen.
When you go home, give you your representation that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, you don't have to do it.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what information store from you.
So in the future, every time you use your cell phones to remember that you have to fight for authority in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello, TEDGlobal what?
It's not enough.
Hello, TEDGlobal what?
I call myself Massach Zaplin, and I'm not free, but the doctor I brought into the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, affecting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have brain palsy, so I'm sorry all the time.
Look at it.
It's an agricultural. I'm like a Mickey Microsoft.
And Muhammad Al.
P. C. C. is not genetics.
It's not congregate and it can't be controlled.
No one maps the uterus of my mother and I didn't get it because my parents were brothers, even though they are.
It's just by accidents, like the one that happened to me at birth.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration and I don't want any of the present.
It feels bad about me, because at some point in life, you've wanted to be disconnected.
Let's go from walk.
Shermandle from Christmas are in the shopping center, drive in circles looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disability.
And you think, "God, can I be at least a little bit of a disconnected?
Also, I tell you, I have 99 problems, and Dr. C. C. is just one of them.
There is a pickle of opposition, I would win the gold medal.
I'm a Palestinian palm, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should do it.
I'm from Park Chilesell, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and illness had the same initials.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with brain paralysis don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the "Not "You can."
My father's mantra was, "You can make it dancing song."
If my three older sisters clean, I cleaned up.
If my three older sisters were going to public school, my parents were left to the school system and made sure that I would also be, and if we didn't get all the maximum note, we all got the saddle of my mother.
My father taught me to walk at five years putting my heel on their feet and simply walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so I would chase it.
The spread I carry inside was very strong and so on.
Yeah. The first day in the kindergarten garden walked like a bottom champion that has received a lot of breaks.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city, and they were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabic, and they're still all of the family.  I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11, and that politicians would think about using "Do Muslim at Muslim as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry a lot about hunger died during the race.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three entire months without eating it, so they will take away from the dawn of the adaptation is very easy.
I danced in Broadway, Balka.
Yes, in Broadway, it's crazy.  My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so I was sent to dance school.
I learned to dance with tanks, or I can walk with tactics.
I am from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used touchs, I too.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on Jersey coast, I didn't go.
I spent my summer in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madana.
In the summer vacation often, my father was trying to say, so I drank deer milk -- they put me hot cars on my back, dip in the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and I thought, "Wow, it works.
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say it's very boring, but before I do yoga I was a stage of standard that I couldn't stand for silence standard.
And now I can stand on your head.
My parents refused this idea that I could do anything, no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be at the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the State of Arizona. Because I went into all the courses.
It was like the massive chemical of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes and also in his class.
Every time I did a scene of the crystal corner my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, on my last year, the United States decided to make a work called BalietMaria very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with brain paralysis.
I was a girl with brain paralysis.
So I started screaming up to the four winds, "In order to have a paper.
I have brain paralysis."
At the end of the free financial."
Thank God I'm at the end of God -- I am free."
I didn't get the paper.  They gave it to Shrob Brown.
I went to check up the director of the theater department, weeping historically, as if somebody had killed my cat, asking me why and she told me that because they thought I couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said, "Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts either.
It was a role that had literally been born and gave it to an actress without brain paralysis.
college was mimicking my life.
Hollywood has a drug history of hearing actors without disability for disabled paper.
And I was going home, and I went home, and my first active tour was kind of like a telephone.
My dream became true.
And I knew that it would be a chance to "Beat "Better Friendly from a sandwich.
Instead, I stayed there as a garden there, and I was not looking more than the nice, and it was obvious for me that rap directors did not hire corrupt activists, not white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Whole Galdiegence, Rose Barry, Ella, and all these women had one thing in common: they were commentary.
So I became humor.
In my first tour, I took famous comics from New York to New York to New York City, and I will never forget the face of the first comic that I took when I fell on the account that he was at high speed for the New Jersey highway with a driver that had brain paralysis.
I worked in clubs all over the United States, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censor and without vent.
Some people say I'm the first monitoring of the Arab world.
I never like to replace the first place, but I know you never heard that little unpleasant rumor that says that women are not fun, and they find a lot of fun.
In 2003, my mother and father brother Dean Obama, and I launched the Balka Commention Festival in New York City, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of the responsibilities in the media and to remind them to the melting directors that solidi and Arab are not sync.
To integrate Arabs was much easier than fighting the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My great opportunity came in 2010.
I went to the news program in the news program to Keith Alberto.
I walked in as if I went to a graduation dance, and I was dragged to a study and they sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director and I said, "Excuse you can give me another chair?
She looked at me and said, Five, four, three, two.
And we were in living."
So I was clinging to the speaker desk to not go out of the screen during the segments. And when the interview ended up, I was played.
I finally had my opportunity and I displaced it. I knew they wouldn't be invented.
But not just Mr. Alberto came back to me, but I became like a full time participate, and I taped my chair.
Something fun that I learned in direct with Keith Albert was that people on the Internet are school.
It is said that kids are cruel, but they never turned out of me as a child.
Suddenly, my disability on the Internet became a burnown object.
I see online clips with comments like, "Why did it take?
"Is it remote?
And my favorite, poor bubble button.
What disease does it have?
We really should pray for her."
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my current, guide, commentary, parallel.
Display is as visual as race.
If anyone in wheelchair can't do Beeth, then Benki can't make someone in chairs.
Discoveries are -- yeah, clap -- man. Come on.
Discoveries are the largest minority in the world, and the most super-controlled in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said I wouldn't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, I grew up with media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we could create more positive images of disability in the media and in everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would make less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our children.
My torture journey has led me to very spectacular places.
I got to walk through the red carpet flattened by the diving of the Selland Luciliar television and the Larry Brazil click.
I came up with a film with Adam Sandy and working with my pain, the incredible Dave Matter.
I came up with the world starting "The Arabs have become crazy.
I was arrested in representing the great state of New Jersey at the CNN of 2008.
And I founded "The Children in Massach," a charity of benefit to give kids Palestinian refugee a little bit of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me live in live, and I devote this talk to his memory.
(Apple -- it causes peace in peace.
I call me Massava Zaite, and if I can, you can too.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child in a small village.
But I don't know his name, but I know his story.
He lives in a small town in the South of Somalia.
This village is near Mozart.
The drought drives the small town to poverty and the edge of innovation.
With nothing for him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mozart, the Samaring capital.
When it gets there, there's no opportunity, no job, no future perspectives.
He ended up living on a tent in the city outside of Mozart.
After maybe a year, nothing.
And one day he gets close to a gentleman that offered him to take it to lunch, then to dinner, to disconnect.
He knows a very dynamic group of people, which gives him a mess.
It gets a little money to buy new clothes, money to send home to his family.
You introduce a young guy.
He finally gets home.
A new life begins.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mountain, under a blue sky star, a bomb car.
That child from that small village with dreams of the great care was the suicide terrorist, and that dynamic group of people were al Shabaab -- a terrorist organization connected to the Qaeda.
So how did the story of a little village of a small village, trying to fulfill their dreams in the city ends with him immediately?
He was waiting for.
He was waiting for an opportunity, hoping to start his future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing he did.
This was the first thing I took out of what we call the waiting period.
And their story is repeated in urban centers around the world.
It is the history of the marginalized, young urban urban young urban people who are dropping in Johnny distributions, descendant riots in London, who are looking for something beyond the waiting oil."
For young people, the promise of the city, the big dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffers from the highest rate of unemployment.
By 2030, three out of five people who live in cities will be under 18 years.
If we don't include young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of the waiting opera, the access of access to terrorism to violence, to the panels, to be the history of the 2000 cities.
And in my city of birth, Moorege, 70 percent of the young people are unemployed.
70 percent don't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't do virtually anything.
I went back to Mountain last month, and I went to visit the Madami hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in that hospital ancestor to balls thinking, and if I'd never been going to me?
What if I'd been forced to be in that same periphery of hope?
Would it have become terrorist?
I'm not really sure the answer.
The reason I was in Mountain that month was actually to get some juvenile leaders in a business camp.
It gathered about 90 Somali youth leaders.
And we sat down and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the great challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Adam.
He went to the University of Mohammis, he graduated.
There was no job, no opportunity.
I remember when he told me, that because it was a graduate university, unemployed, frustrated, was the perfect white for al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited to be recovered.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mooreger, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Video years of civil war have completely destroyed the visual system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way of moving around.
Adam saw an opportunity and the approach.
He started a motorcycle company.
He started putting motorcycle motors to local residents who typically couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 motors, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point expanding hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story?
What does this different story do?
I believe that their ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the business spirit, and I think the business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the waiting opera."
I faced young people to be the creators of economic opportunities who are looking for so desperately so desperately looking for.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Muhammad Mohammusset, a flower.
I was helping train some of the young people in the summit of business initiative and how it will be innovative and how to create a culture of business initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Moschette has seen in more than 22 years, and until recently, until Mohamed came if you wanted flowers for your wedding forest, you were from plastic sent from the extraction.
If you asked somebody, "When was it the last time you saw French flowers
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be, "No."
So Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a company of passion and floral design.
I created a farm on the outskirts of Mountain, and he began to grow the slides and lights, who said, could survive the modern weather of Mozart.
And he started the delivery of flowers for wedding cookies, creating gardens in the houses, and the city companies and now it's working in the creation of the first public park in Mountain in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mooreger.
He wants to create a space where families, the young families, can go together, and, like he says, smell the rainforests off.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink because they use a lot of water.
So the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, the Muhammad presence had a really profound impact on young people.
They never thought about starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO to work for the government, but their story, their innovation, actually had a strong impact on them.
They forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunity.
I encouraged them to believe that they might be entrepreneurs, they could be an art of change.
By the end of the day, they had innovative solutions for some of the biggest challenges facing the city.
They had business solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating a culture of business spirit is actually a great step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and orientation to guide them in development and put in their business mark.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, to give them the support they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the business spirit is something more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Her Peace Park is how it calls it, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
And they come up with the street kids in order to help rent and keep the motors for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the paralysis of the waiting of the waiting one.
These entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is, they convert young people in entrepreneurs, they include and feeding their inherent innovation, and they will have more stories about flowers and Parks that bus and the hope "Pieces."
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to join my dad in the Adam mountains, an area attached north in New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The football forest.
The sun was making the leaves glow as a virtual, and not to be the path that we followed, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings in spite that land.
We get to our camp.
I was a control in a restriction with a beautiful crystal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the cords there was a garbage of about four square meters with apple hearts ball ball balls, and old headquarters.
And I was announced, I was very angry, incredibly confused.
Campaigns that were too lazy to pull out what they had brought in, who thought I was going to clean their based?
That question was followed with me, and it was simply simplify a little bit.
Who clean our bang?
No matter how they organize or where the ours, who clean our garbage on Europe?
Who clean our trash in Rio or Paris or London London?
Here in New York, the September of Sanskin cleans our trash -- at 11 tons of waste and 2,000 tons of recycling products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who does that job.
What does the uniform feel and take that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled in trucks and walked through their trajectories and interviewed people in office and facilities across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intrigue.
I needed to get closer to me.
So I began to work as a garbage record.
Now it didn't just travel in the trucks. I drove them.
And I operated the mechanical scenes and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prementary as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you get used quickly.
It costs a lot to be used to weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years, and their bodies kept accounting on the weight of taking on their body tons of garbage every week.
It's also the danger.
According to the workforce. waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation of the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and they pass around you all around you.
They just want to go on, so generally the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the garbage itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and cause terrible damage.
I also learned about the implant of trash.
When you get out of the cup and you see a city from the back of the truck, you get to understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also like a form of breath or circulation.
It always must be in motion.
And there's the stigma.
I think the stigma is especially ironic because I strongly believe that waste writers are the most important work in the city streets, for three reasons.
They're the first public health protocols.
If you don't get rid of the waste in efficient and effective forms every day, this starts to get rid of its container and its dangerous inherent people threaten us in very real ways.
Disease that we had controlled for decades and centuries and they start giving us a few centuries.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old we have no space for what the motors of economics start to fail when it's endangered to consumption.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, just signal your relationship.
And then there is what I call our average average speed necessary.
And so I mean simply at the speed that we used to use to move in contemporary time.
We usually don't worry about it, we don't repair -- we cleaned or take our coffee cup -- our bank bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we shout them, because we know there is a work force on the other side that will get rid of it.
So today I want to suggest a couple of ways to think about the collection of waste that maybe help reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost literal.
They're in the street every day, radically three.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to wait.
And their work allows us to do ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us safe from ourselves, from our own waste, our debates, and that flow should always stay in one way or another.
One day after September 11th, 2001, I listened to the group of a waste collection truck on the street, grabbed my little son and went down the stairs running down, and there was a man doing his paper recycling trajectory like all the microbes.
And I tried to thank you to do his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just inside, and he said, "We're going to be okay.
We're going to be okay."
Shortly after that, I began to investigate waste collection and came back to that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be fine.
But in our efforts for recognizing the way we exist on this planet as a species we have to include and keep in mind all the costs, even the very real cost of the labor hand.
Monoritive waste, what we think we think of when we talk about garbage represent three percent of the amount of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of his days and his lives, the next one that sees someone whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize it.
Take a moment to say thank you.
My work focuses on the connection of thinking about our community life by being part of the environment where architecture naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analytics from different perspectives become an essential part of the final work of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories on the Ethiopia, Addis Abba.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and to me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought, "I want to go coming out of it."
After seeing some of these buildings there are many of these buildings we realized that there are three important aspects of the city.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Second, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat inside the interior, so you need a lot of confrontation.
In a city where this shouldn't happen because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, its aspect has nothing to do with Africa or with Ethiopia.
It's a penis trying to be a place that is so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the old market that's this open-air structure where thousands of people, go and buy things every day to small marketers every day.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from various floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was introduced by inspiring the site, which is located in a very large area of the city, where much of the buildings we see now in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, including all the inputs of the building.
And this is spread with an including attract that creates a free air space in the building that is authoritarian, in its own way, of the sun and the rain.
And around this space, we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the form of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I started thinking about a similar tissue to a manipulation of manipulation with drilling performances to allow the air input and also the light, but in a filtered way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the Ethiopian visions.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and it helped me shape the factor.
We're building that with these little ready-made pieces that are the windows that let out air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is filled with these little colors of colors that use the light from the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought, "That's not a mall. It wasn't what we asked.
But ultimately, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the shopping center because at the end of the day, there were more local longevity to sell.
And in addition to the idea of the facade was much more economic -- not just because of the material compared to glass, but because it wasn't necessary to have an adverse air.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy self-assembly for the building in a city where electricity is cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage putting photosynthesis on the roof.
And then under those panels we thought of the roof as a new public space with gathering areas and bars that would create this urban oasis.
And these pieces on the roof, which are together collect water for the sands of the inside.
It's waiting for the beginning next year, since we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master plan of 2,000 apartments and services in the city of Tunisia.
And to make a project that large, the biggest one I designed -- I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis I put special attention on the measure, a 1,000 years structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve controlled access doors connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend existing streets, creating 12 similar initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these pathogens.
In addition to that, we select some strategic dots in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modeled the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like apartment as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best orientation for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North America, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore natural ventilation.
So we put a scheme to make sure that most of the apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that's almost like a combination of European block and the city city.
It has these balloons with pathologies, and then in the low plant, we have all the connections for pedestrians all the time.
And it also responds to local norms that establish greater density in higher levels and a lower density in the low plant.
And it also reflects this idea of doors.
The roof, which is my favorite space of the project is almost like retreating the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, can go up and social, and make activity such as run a two kilometers in the morning, or jump from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they are in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's lives changes communities and local economies at the same rate growing the buildings.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions, which improve the relationship between the community and the environment that they have as a target connect nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new girl joined our class. It was so remarkable, as you see all the new girls.
It had huge amounts of very bright amounts of hair and a small spectrum of pencils -- nice. It was a strong overcome for state capital, very good for organization.
I ended up that year and I was full of cells, until I brought my sinister plan.
One day I got a time after the school out of school. It was a little bit late and hid me in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was wasted, I went out in the classroom, took from my teacher book the book of grades.
And then, I did.
I'm going to alter the ratings of my rival just a little bit, just some of them.
All the time.  And I was going to get the book to the carbon -- but to see, some of my other partners had really good notes as well.
So in a sentence, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all rows from D, and myself a row of this, just for being there, since I could.
I still surprised me what I did.
I don't understand how the idea came from.
I don't understand why I felt well doing it.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
It was that everything was dramatically obvious.
They never discovered me.
But above all, I was described by the reason why I was bothered by this little girl, so small, it was so good for organization.
I was intrigued by jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so perfect.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
The primates. The blue birds are very present.
We know that cells are the number one cause of school killings in the U.S.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzed loneliness or the long duration or the sadness.
And so you have to go to fiction, because novels are like the laboratory in which the cells are studying in all of their possible shapes.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no cells, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Hello the infinite, no Odysseu."
There would be no ice king or "The 1,000 and a night."
There would be no Shakespeare.
They would go away from high school reading lists, because we would be losing "Royal and Furitus, there would be no "Batterierman or Fish." We were going to lose Mamara Babboris: "And Anna K."
Without cells, there is no Progra. I know it's fashionable to say that Proto has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them.
This year is 100 years of his masterpiece, "When I look for the lost time, the most exhibition study of sexual jealousy, and also from ordinary competition, my own, everything we could have.  And thinking about Protox, we have the fundamental details -- right?
We think about a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a self-designing magnificer in the washing you.
We forgot how hard that image is.
We forgot how implanted it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wood said were as tough as cat trip.
I don't know what the cat succeeded, but we assume it's super surface.
Let's see why they're going so well together, the novel and the cells, the lions and Protook.
It's going to be very obvious like the cells, which are reduced to the person, their wish, their printers, are a well-known base?
I don't know. I think we get very close to bone, when we think about what happens when we feel cells.
When we feel cells, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's lives, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel wrong.
By being orange and audience, we know exactly what detail details are going to be like to peg the knife, right?
Cells make us all amateur novels, and that's something that Protocho understood.
Everything she does to give me pleasure could give you pleasure to another, maybe right now."
And he starts to tell himself that story, and since then, Prototype says that every single fresh love that Santa detects in his lover -- he adds him to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Santa and Protox, were notoriously celebrity.
You know, the Nibers of Protocho would have to leave the country, if they wanted to break up with it.
But you don't have to be so cell to recognize that it's hard work. Right?
The cells are anti-screen.
It's a hungry emotion. You have to feed it.
And what are the cells?
The lions are feeding from information.
The lions use the details.
Cells like the large amounts of bright hair and the cute and small pencil stress.
The cells are feeding from the photos.
That's why Islam is so successful --  Prototype links the academic language with the one of the cells.
When Santa is in his pile of jealousy, suddenly he hears behind the doors and bribe to the survivors of his lover -- then it sets those behaviors.
He says, "Look, I know you think this is representative, but it's not different from the interpretation of an old text or a monumental text."
He says, "It's scientific research with real intellectual value.
Prototype is trying to show that lions look intangible, and they make us seem absurd, but in their molecule, they are search for knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth -- in fact, the portable truth of the truth, the more painful the truth, the better.
The pain, the humiliation -- the loss, these were the pathways to Protox wisdom.
He says, "A woman who we need, that makes us suffering, causes in us a much deeper and deeper feelings of feelings than a wise man who can be interested in us.
Is it telling us that we are going to look for the creatures of the creature?
No. I think it's trying to say the lions reveal ourselves.
And there is some other excitement that makes us open up in this particular way?
There is some other emotion reveals our aged, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Some other excitement that teaches us to look with such peculiar intensity.
Freud would write about it later.
One day, Freud was visited by a young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife would get it.
And Freud says there was something strange about that man, who didn't look at what his wife did.
Because she was innocent. Everybody knew that.
The poor creature was under suspicion without any cause.
But he was looking for things that he did his wife without realizing involved behaviors.
Does it smile too much or access to a man?
Freud says the man was becoming the conclusion of the unconscious of his wife.
Novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how lions make us look with intensity but without precision.
In fact, the more intensely cells we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the lions take us to make violent or illegal acts of them.
The lions drive us to behave in totally unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about myself at the age of eight years old, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story that I heard in the news.
A 52-year-old woman was captured by having created a fake account on Facebook from the one that was sent to video messages to himself, for a year.
For a year. A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his girlfriend exception. I have to confess that when or this, reacted with admiration as well.
Because let's be realistic.
How big, even though unfortunately, even creative. Right?
It's like novel.
Like a Parkinson's novel from Patrick Higgs.
Higgs is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant cartoon of the American literature.
It's the author of "extra on a Trom and "The Talent Mr. River," books that are trying to do how the cells, they confuse our minds, and once we're in the sphere, in the realm of the jealousy, the member of the cells, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be punched in a second.
Take Tom River, his most famous character.
Tom River is going to be like to want what you're going to be able to get from your self and to be pushed from what you ever had, and it's under the floor. It responds to your name, it takes your name, he gets your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take the Toro River route.
I can't give you all the world as much as I want to.
It's an alternative, because we live in time of envy.
We live in jealousy.
I mean, we're good citizens of social networks, where the coin is the sending of invention." Right?
novels are showing? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not sure, when they're in front of a mystery.
Let's go to Babbage Street and ask for Shanghai Hollas.
When people think about Hollas, they think about the manufacturing curse in Professor Morgana, that criminal genius in the Morpie.
But I've always preferred the inspiration of the inspiration of Scott Yard rats that needs Hollas desperately desperately, needs the Gene genius, but he bothers him.
Oh, it sounds so familiar to me.
Lesteriop needs your help, but it does, and the bubble is bound in the fall of each mystery.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in "The Six Nappons Ado, once Hollywood goes in, he would destroy everyone with his solution, Assemble comes back to Hollas and says, "We are not cells, Mr. Hollas.
We're proud of you."
And he tells him there's no person in Scott Yard who didn't want to shake your hand.
It's one of the times we see Hollas transmitted in history. I find this very emotional. That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to be treated as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute Hollywood is on the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland allows you to admire that idea of being the response.
Could it even be so simple.
What happens if cells are really a geometry issue, just one issue of where we are in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the excellence of the other.
We can align ourselves with it.
But I like the connection plans.
So as long as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction.
Just the discipline is the descriptions of the cells.
The fiction used the dominants, invites them to the table.
And look at what suggested: the Los Lesterland Louis, the lander Tom River, the crazy Santa Portuga, the same Marcel Proton.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21, 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped out of the Apollo 11 of the Apollo 11 and described about the Sea of The Transparency.
Armstrong and Albert were alone, but his presence in the gray surface gray was the culmination of a conversational collective process.
The Apollo program was the largest mobility in peace times in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave work to about 400,000 people and asked for the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the program Apollo programmers, 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on his surface, which Albert death after Armstrong died last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot of coming back, 38 kilos of old rocks, and something that 24 would be faced later, a new sense of the penguin and the fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical answer is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at Rice University in 1962, give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some people, why the moon the Moon?
Why turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why do I climb the highest mountain of mountain."
35 years ago, why fly over the Atlantic Atlantic?
Why does Rick play against Texas </s>
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're hard.
Jason Pond: For the controls, the Apollo was not just a victory of the West about the East in the Cold War.
In the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder the transparency of the power of technology.
It was a great thing to be able to do it.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological turns.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of supplies and plane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In the middle of the century, the police was eradicated and emitted smallpox.
Technology seemed to take what Alvin Theopar in 1970, called accelerating "force."
For most of the history of humanity, we couldn't go faster than a horse or a sailing ship -- but in 1969, the transportation of Apollo 10 will fly 40,000 miles or hour.
Since 1970, no human being has come back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the transportation of Apollo 10, and the optimism joyful about the power of technology has been evaluated to see that problems that we imagine that technology would solve how to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the global population seem to have an intractable outcome.
I remember seeing Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he didn't look at the escape tube called Saturn V rocket.
I knew exactly that this would be the last lung mission, but I was completely sure that I would come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that from something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard about it for the last two days here, at TED.
It seems like the technologists had been distracted and were enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhone, applications and social networks, or algorithms that accelerate the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There is a percentage explanation in Silicon Valley, which is confident that they have been created less ambitious than the years that were funded in Intel and Microsoft, Apple and General.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the guilty, in concrete the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs to the empires.
Silicon Valley says that the venture investment caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It mostly explains what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at the point without worrying about risk, they prefer small investment, minimal investment that they could go out in 10 years.
CAPTCHA has always had trouble investing with benefits in technologies like energy, which need a huge capital and whose development is in the long term. They haven't yet invested in developing technologies that are meant to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons why we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and deepest.
Sometimes, we chose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted to.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars required a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes, we can't solve the big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar and wind and biofuels. Less than two percent, and the reason is completely cheap.
coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind, and oil is cheaper than biofuel.
We want alternative energy sources that can compete in prices. Don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists are according to what policies and international treaties will include the development of an alternative energy -- mostly a significant increase in the research and development of energy, and some kind of control of the price of coal.
But there is no hope in the political climate that we will see an energy policy in the United States or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that look like technological, it turns out not to be.
We know for the time that famines are from the failure of food report.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famines are political crisis that affect the food distribution cartooning.
Technology can improve things like cooks or systems for storage and food report, but there are famine.
Finally, big problems sometimes make a solution because we don't understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1973, but soon we found that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible residents to treatment, and only in the last 10 years seem to have found effective treatment and viable.
The hard problems are hard.
It's not true that we couldn't solve the problems with technology.
We can and we should, but these four elements have to be present, the political leaders and the population should want to solve the problem -- institutions must support the solution -- it must really be about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for technology capacity to solve big problems, it meets with those creatures.
But it's a irregular model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There is no garage competition like the Cold War, there is no policy like John Kennedy who is hard and different and there is no popular science mythology like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the future solutions will be harder to get.
God knows we don't have the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Okay, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start by looking at the general ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they have become clicks of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a record, there's been a huge decrease of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is an objective -- we should have more trust.
And the third is a task, we should recover trust.
I think the record, the goal and the task has been bad interface.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a record, an objective and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of the record, why do people think that trust has disconted?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I think I can have been declined in some activities or institutions that could have increased others.
I'm not sure.
But I can turn to opinion surveys, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at the surveys of opinion over time, there are no many evidence of it.
I mean, the people who were disconnected 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same disability.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago are still pretty confident: judges, nurses, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average city of the street is almost exactly halfway in the road.
But is this enough?
What opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when certain questions are asked.
Did I trust politicians in the policies?
Now, if someone asked you, "Do you trust the shadows?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust primary teachers?
You would probably start to ask, "To make what?
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you could say, when you've answered your question, "Well, I trust some of you in some of the things.
Which is very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to spread trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust that we're going to feel for a detecting kind of officer.
I could, for example, to say I trust a certain primary teacher I know to give you the kind of reading, but no way to drive the school microbes.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most local friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we have those evidence in our everyday lives of the way that trust is different, why we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust in a more abstract way?
I believe that surveys are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to give good inherent judgment to the fact that you trust something, or somebody.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the goal I would persuade.
I would point to have more confidence in what is mental trust, but not what it is.
In short, I am particular of not trusting what's not reliable.
And I think those people who spread their savings with the very remarkable name Mr. MapTChuse, who then disappeared with them, I think of them, and I think, well, yes, they were too confident.
Having more confidence is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's confident or denied with intelligence, that's the right goal.
Once you tell it, it says, yeah, yeah, that means that what matters first is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What it's all about is doing a judgment about how reliable people are in certain ways.
And I think in order to make a trial, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are they competitive? Are they honest? Are they responsible?
And if we find that one person is competent in the perfect materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we will have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be a trust dignity.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible -- we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competitive and honest, but I wouldn't trust them to take a letter to the email because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure you can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm really glad to say that I don't have a lot of friends who are competitive and responsible but extremely disparities.
If it's like that, I haven't yet perceived yet.
But that's what we're looking for, confidence before trust.
Trust is the answer.
Confidence is what we need to judge.
And of course, it's hard.
In the last few decades, we've tried to build account systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their trustworthiness.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a park and he said, "Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper that will look at the part of it."
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional and institutional life, that the accountability system that is destined to ensure trust and transformation testing, actually is doing the opposite.
What they do is they tell the work of the people who have to do hard tasks, like the parks, demand them to break the calls," as we say.
You sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think that the goal should be more confident, and that things would be different if we try to be trust dignity and we convey people that we are reliable and if we try to determine other people, officials or politicians are trusted dignity.
It's not easy. It's judgment, the simple actions, the attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, the task.
To call the task rebuild trust, puts things upside down.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct a little bit of trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we have other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be a trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't deceive it, usually all the people, all the time.
But you also have to support the feeling evidence that you are trust of trust.
How do you do that?
That is done every day, everywhere, the common people, the functions, the institutions, very effectively.
Let me give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I bought my socks says that I can turn them out without giving explanations.
I take them and get the money, or they change them by the color I want.
That's great. I trust them because they themselves became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson in that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're trust of trust and you have confidence in what you're saying.
So, at the end, I think what we're pointing on is not a very difficult thing to do.
What people trust is in the relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when the other person is trust dignity.
Thank you.
Since the beginning of computers we've been striving to reduce the separation between us and digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be displaced.
This separation has been reduced, and more and more and more, at such a point today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of the glass of a telephone screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everyone.
But I wonder, and if there were no barriers?
I started imagining what it would be.
I first created this tool that goes inside the digital space, so that when the force operators against the screen transfer its physical body to picks.
The designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs under the screen.
So with this tool you break the barriers down.
But the two hand remains still from the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the Microsoft Science divide of Microsoft, along with my mentor Kate Boulugaton, he was redesigning the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital area of work.
By combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect your fingers and your face, you can now raise the hands of the keyboard, get into the inside of 3D space, and grab pixels directly with your hands.
Like windows and files have a location in real space, select them as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can turn the book and track lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that are below each floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with your hands.
In these examples, we entered the digital world.
And if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, many of us will have bought and turn things over the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about it.
What I have here is an Internet virtual produce.
This is the vision that you get from a device mounted in the head or transported when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel them to feel it?
What would a future look like this?
At the MIT Media Lab, with my tutor Hiroshi Island and my collaborator Renear Post, we created this only physical pixel model.
This spherical electromagnet behaves like a 3D pixel in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this small three-dimensional space.
Simplified, what we did was we analyzed gravity and controlling the movement through a combination of magnetic levitation and mechanical and detector combination.
And by programming the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means that human movements can record and come back to reproduce and stay in the physical world.
You can teach color physically and distance, and the famous shot of Michael Jordan, you can reproduce as a physical reality the times we want.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts as the movement of planets, physics, and, unlike the monitors or the textbook books, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel -- it's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating than changing the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
You see, digital information not just show us something but start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without that we have to get rid of our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only boundary that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Han, China, in the '70s.
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses of pays.
But my mother tiger said, "No."
My parents wanted me to become an engineer, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only one path to the happiness -- safe work and well-known work.
No matter whether the job would like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer has to start training from very young to learn the accessions, so I tried everything I could to go to opera school.
I wrote to the director of school and a radio program.
But no adults had the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were kids, without authority, like me.
So at the age of 15, I knew that it was too much greater to train.
My dream would never be done.
feared for the rest of my life a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved another vocal.
Nobody around me wanted to teach me the teaching? Okay.
I turned out the books.
"Beat Cameroon of Sanish -- Elice Charles: The American History His High High Communism in 1995, and what were the first books I read here?
Those who were forbidden in China, of course.
The good Earth is about the Chinese campaigning life.
And it's not convenient proposition. I understand.
The Bible is interesting, but strange.
That's a subject for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revolution: "Honey to your father and your mother."
"Honey, I said, "It's so different, and much better than the opening."
So it became my tool to come out of this confident guilt trap.
The meeting with a new culture led to my comparative reading habit.
He brings a lot of perspectives.
For example, this map seemed to me out of place because this is what students in China learn.
I had never occurred to me, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves people's perspective.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps like comparative religion and comparative literature.
Compare and contrast, offers the academics a deeper understanding of a topic.
And I thought that if comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people "Bringh" from Walter Islamic Just John Adams by David McLuhan who were involved in the same happens, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Crison, temptation is economic, politicians and spiritual things.
For the Buddha, they're all psychologists, lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your books favorite in two languages.
"The California Treasure Taim The Road Task walk "The path of the Taskie Alan Waters instead of losing in the translation.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that happiness in Chinese literally means joy "stick" Jame."
And "Now" in Chinese literally means New mother."
The books opened up a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know I'm not going to come back to feel alone or powerless again.
Having a destroyed dream is not really compared to what many others have suffered with.
I've come to believe that the reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect with the place that the dreams, where the passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
To sleep dream can do that for you.
And it's thanks to books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clearly, most of the time.
So books always take them out.
Thank you.
Thank you.  Thank you.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first psychiatrist client on my first place.
I was a documentary student in clinical psychology in Berkeley.
She was a 26-year-old woman named Alex.
And Alex went into the first session using vaccines and a hotel catch, threw on the couch of my office and took his shoes and told me she wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so aligned.
My classmates had a paradigm like first client.
And I was a window who wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the joke stories that Alex brought into the sessions, it made me easy just to move the head while we were holding the solution.
"The trains are the new windows, he said, Alex, and so I saw she was right.
You start to work later, you get home afterwards, you have kids later, even death goes later.
For fans like Alex and I was time for stop.
But soon after, my superpowers press me to press Alex who would talk about their loving life.
I was resistant.
I said, "Of course, it's coming out with guys under his category, activated with a hollow head, but it's not like it was going to marry him."
And then my superpowers said, "Not yet, but maybe it gets married with the next one.
In addition, the best moment to work in the marriage of Alex is before it gets married.
This is what psychologists call a moment A."
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they got used to, but this didn't make the 20th of Alex was a pause in their development.
This caused the 20th of Alex to be the perfect moment and we were wasting it.
So I realized that this kind of benign negotiation was a real problem and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life but for the careers, the families and future of visible futures all over the place.
There are 50 million visitors in the United States, today.
That means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if you consider no one to come to adults without spending before the 20.
Raise your hand if you're in your 20.
I want to see the windows here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with visitors, love a window, you take the dream off a window, I want to see. Okay. Amazing, the windows really matter.
This is not just my opinion. These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will go on at 35 years.
This means that eight out of 10 decisions and experiences and "American moments, that shape their life will have gone for when they have 30 and so many.
People from over 40, they don't go into panic.
This audience is going to be well, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact on how much money they will win.
We know more than half of Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future at the age of 30 years.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and is reported for adults, which means that if there is something you want to change from themselves, now it's time to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life and we know that female fertility gets to the top of the 28 -- and things become complicated at the age of 30.
The 20 is time to educate their body and their options.
When we think about the development of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment where your life and ordinary life has a democratic impact on the person who will become the person.
But what we don't hear often is that there's something called adult development, and our 20s are a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the vents are listening.
Specifications talk about changes in the line of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20 an extended adolescence.
Pieces take ridiculous names of the windows like Twitter and "Biodegrays."
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a trivial transmission that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernie said that for great things, you need a plan and not enough time.
It's not true?
What do you think happens when you give a window on your head and say, "You have another 10 years to start your life?
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of emergency and their ambition and it doesn't happen absolutely anything.
And then every day, smart vessels, interesting like you or your kids and daughters get to my office and they say something like this: "I know my girlfriend isn't good for me, but this relationship doesn't count, I'm just killing the time."
Or they say, "Everybody says that as long as you start a race before the 30s, everything will be right."
But then it starts to sound like this: "My 20 are for me, and I still have nothing to show you.
I had better curve the day I graduated from college.
And then it starts to sound like this: "My quotes during the 20 were like the game of the chairs.
They were all running and fun, but then at some point around 30, the music turned off, and they all started sitting down.
I didn't want to be the only one who would stay stop, so I sometimes think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when he was 30."
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme -- but don't get wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 30, there's an enormous pressure to the trains and so many of starting a career, choosing a city, choosing a mate, and having two or three children over a much shorter period of time.
Many of these things are not complimented, and there are research that start to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the same time.
The middle-aged crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the race you want right now.
Let me realize that you can't have the son you want to do now, or you can't give your son.
A lot of trafficking and surveillances look to themselves, and to me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20, "What was I thinking?"
I want to change what the windows are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it could be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was in his own words, having a crisis of identity.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but you still couldn't decide, so I spent the last few years working as a master.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a girlfriend who showed more temperature than ambition.
And despite living about 20 very difficult, his previous life had been even more difficult.
He cried often in our sessions, but then she was lifted by her by saying, "One doesn't choose his family, but he can choose your friends."
Well, one day Emma got his head on his legs and tears for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for director, and I had spent the morning crying with her many contacts -- but then he looked at the empty space that follows after the words "In case of emergency, please call me ...
And I was at the point of history when he saw me and said, "Who is going to be for me if I have an autonomous accident?
Who's going to take care of me if I give cancer?
At that time, I was very expensive to resist and not say, "Aye."
What Emma needed was not a really worried therapy.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was his opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex as to just sitting while the decisive decade of Emma went on.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all windows, man or woman, deserves to know.
First of all, I told Emma to forget about that identity crisis and got identity capital.
By the capital of identity, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
You do something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the future of the race of Emma, and nobody knows the future of the work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, of that interest, of that company that you want to test.
I'm not disconnecting the explorer exploration, I'm disconnecting the exploration that I should not count, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prospective.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them tell you.
Secondly, I told Emma that urban tribes are supplied.
The best friends are excellent to take the airport to the airport, but the windows that join with friends with similar minds are limited in terms of who they know, what they know, how they think, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person to go out almost always comes from its nearest circle.
The new things come from what are called weak friends of friends of their friends.
Yes, half the windows have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half won't, and the weak links are the way to get this group.
Half of the jobs are never published, then meeting the head of your neighbor is the way to get a non-violent job.
It's not cheating. It's the science of how information goes forward.
Finally, but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a visible, Emma will soon choose his family, when he has a partner and form his own family.
I told Emma that the time to choose his family had come.
You may think that 30 is better age to sit in the head of the 20 or even 25, and I agree with you.
But to choose the person that you live with now or take care of you now when everyone on Facebook starts walking towards the altar.
The best moment to work in your marriage is before you have, and that means being so intentional in love as you're at work.
To choose your family must be a conscious choice of who and what they want instead of just making it work or killing time with whatever it is to choose you to you.
So, what happened to Emmanu?
Well, we looked at that director and she found the fourth quarter of a cousin who worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak bond helped him get a job there.
That supply supply gave him a reason to leave the girlfriend that I lived with.
Now, five years later, it's a special organization of events in museums.
This was married with a man who consciously chose a man.
She loves his new career, love her new family, and I send me a letter that said, "Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough.
Emma story may sound easy, but that's what I love to work with windows.
It's very easy to help them.
Visions are like airplanes coming out of the airport of Los Angeles, coming out somewhere in the west.
Just before the despair, a light light on its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fire.
In the same way, at the same way, at the age of 21, even at 29, a good conversation, a good destruction, a good TED Talk can have huge effects over the years or even in the next generation.
Here's my digital idea of spreading all the windows that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
This is what I now have the privilege to tell visitors like Emma every day, the trains are not the top 20, they recruit their identity, they get identity capital, they use their weak links, they choose your family.
They don't let them define what they didn't know or what they didn't do.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very demanding job in regional consulting for a work that was even more exciting, the documentary.
I went to teach you mathematics to seventh grade students in New York public schools.
And like any teacher, I applied tests and tests.
I give them tasks.
When the job came back, it was calculated by grades.
And what struck me was that C was not the only difference between my best and my worst students.
Some of you who had a better performance had no seats of C. strategic statements.
Some of my smartest kids were not going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of things that you need to learn in mathematics in seventh degrees, safe, are difficult, proportions, decodiots, the area of a paradigm.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and over time enough.
After several years of documentary, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure better ways.
It's the C, but what if you succeed in school and life depends on much more than the ability to learn in fast and easy way?
So I left the classroom and I went to college to become a psychologist, to become psychology.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenges, and in every study my question was, who is success here and why?
My research team and I went to the Academy military Academy Port.
And we tried to predict that chains would stay on military training and who would be retrievely.
We went to the National Conservation of Delet and tried to predict what children would move on in competition.
We study novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers will still be teaching for the end of the school year and those of those who are going to be the most effective learning of their students from their students.
We partnered with private companies, wondering which of these marketers are going to keep their jobs out of work?
And who is going to make more money?
In all of those very different contexts, it emerged a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health, and it wasn't the C.
It was the determination of it.
Defense is passion and personalization to achieve very long-term goals.
Defense is having resistance.
Defense is to cling to their future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future one reality.
Defense is to live life as if it was a marathon -- not a career at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying the determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students who did my determination questionnaires and then waited around a year to see who they were graduated.
It turns out that children with more determination had significantly greater likely chance to graduate -- even when I started them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, the results of standardized tests, even the security that kids felt when they were in school.
So it's not just in West Point or the National Construction of Defense in which the detection matters -- it's also in school, especially for children at risk to abandon it.
For me, the most shocking thing about determination is how little we know, the little thing that knows the science about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me, "How do you develop the determination in children?
What should I do to teach kids a single job ethical solid?
How do you keep them up for the long term?
The most honest answer is, I don't know.  What I know is that talent doesn't give them determination to them.
Our data shows very clearly that there are lots of talented individuals that are simply not following their commitment.
In fact, in our data, the determination is commonly not related or is even related to talent measures.
So far, the best idea I've heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mental."
This is an idea developed at Stanford Dark, and it's the belief that the ability to learn is not fixed that it can change with effort.
Dr. Darwin has shown that when kids read and learn about the brain and how it changes and grow in response to challenge, they are much more likely to pursue when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mentality is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have ahead of it.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we have to be willing to fail, to be wrong, to start to begin with the lessons that we learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our children more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan like the daughter of a calculator, one of my most advised memories is my mother showing the beauty, the shape and the shape of Chinese characters.
Since that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for an extract, it seems as imperialization as the Great Wall Murass.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can cut this multiple, so that you want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and rapid method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Ever since I was five years old, I began to learn how to draw each of the strokes of each side in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we have only five minutes, it's better that we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic would understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow them to understand 40 percent basic literature -- enough to read traffic signals, menus of restaurants, understand the basic idea of web pages or newspapers.
Today I'll start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are they ready?
They open your mouth as much as possible until it's square.
You get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give you a walk.
Person.
If the shape of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if they were screaming in a failure, an audience: "Australian." I'm starting me." This symbol is actually original to the call form, but I like to think it's the other way. The one that works.
This is a tree.
tree tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The door of the door looks like a couple door doors in the old West.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If you walk back, that's "going on.
As the old said, two are company, three are multiple.
If a person would stretch their arms, this person is saying, "It was that big.
The person inside the mouth, the person is stuck.
It's a prisoner like Jones inside the whale.
A tree is a tree -- two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a table under the tree, we have the commercials.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's an idea."  Easy to remember, because a partial tree is pretty idiot.
Do you remember the fire.
Two fire together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burned.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two lonely together, prosperous.
Three together, those are destroys.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that is the bright.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and night.
The sun comes out of the horizon. </s> the sun comes out.
A door. Put a table inside the door, it's the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Touch, you have somebody at home?
This person is coming out of a door, scaling, evaluating.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing themselves.
Three women together, being careful is adult.
So we've gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method -- the first eight radical.
The next group of eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple hundred characteristics, which is the same thing as a eight-year-old Chinese Chinese.
So after we know the characteristics, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a mountain of fire. It's a volcano.
We know Japan is the land of the national sun.
This is a sun placed with the origin because Japan is east China.
So a sun next to the origin we created Japan.
A person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left is two mountains attached one over the other.
In the old China, that meant in exile because Chinese emperor would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, the exile has become out.
A mouth that tells you where to leave is a salad.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down. Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I can see.
I love sharing my favorite films with my kids, and when my daughter was four years old, we saw the Magor of Oz together.
The film mastered its imagination for months.
His favorite character was Glash, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and take a magic variable.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of children's fantasy show.
But the magician of Oz was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend actually took a fourth years later years later, interestingly, another film whose proteins, a metal kid and a held kid rescued a guy dressed as a guard of the enemy.
You know what I'm talking about?  Yeah.
There's a big difference between these two films, there are a couple of big differences between the May of Oz and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Olympic magician.
The monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think if the magician of Oz was made today, the magician would say, Dorin, you are the salvation of Oz as the teacher predicted it.
You use magic shoes to defeat the markets generated by computer brave.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about the Olympic magician is that the most heroic characters and wise and even villages are women.
I began to notice this when I saw Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
only three years.
It wasn't invited to the projection, because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second son, and the survival level had gone down.  So he slid in the room and he was impressed as a mom with his patents behind, and I don't think he understood what he was going on, but unfortunately, he absorbs everything.
I wonder what a perceived thing.
value issues and personality and legal?
Would it have a sense that Luby joined an army to defeat the government
Let's compare this with the 19th magician of 1939.
How do you win Down his movie.
You make good men with all of them and be a leadership.
It's the kind of world where I want my kids to grow Olympic, OK?
Why is there so much factor F, force in the movies for our children, and so little from the yellow brick path.
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies on girls, and they should read it. It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulation.
I know for experience that the princess Lee did not provide the right framework that had served me to navigate the adult world that's mixing.  I think in the moment of the first kiss -- I really hoped that the credit would start to appear because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search is over, I have a girlfriend.
Why do you stand there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on melting the Village and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventure.
It's almost like being a child, you have to be a dumb animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a war suit.
There's a lot of exceptions, and to defend the princess of Disney to any of you.
But they send a message to the kids, even though they, the kids are not really their objective audience.
They do a phenomenal job by teaching girls how to defend the pattern, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the pattern.
There's no model for them.
We also have some great women who write new stories for our children, as real and lovely as Herbert and Kaths, but they don't stop being a war film.
Of course, the most successful issue of all time continues to appear in classic after classic after the adventure of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and their son, or two men who make a little girl.
As many of you are thinking, this year, finally came out.
I recommend all of you. It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when he came out Valley?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a prince.
It's very good. Don't let them stop them."
Well, almost none of these movies pass the Berlin test.
I don't know if you've heard about this.
It hasn't yet been roots and it is already proposed, but maybe today we'll start a movement.
Alissa Beck is a comic drawing, and in the middle 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had had with a friend of mine about the evolution of the films that they saw.
And it's very simple. There are only three questions that need to be done. In the movie, there's more than a female character than you have lines.
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
These women talk to each other at some point in the movie.
Their conversations are about a little bit more from the kid than so much them?  All right?  Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things to each other.
It happens. I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the movie that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality movie -- army.
Right? Rumble Rums from Capita, scale success, a consensus idea of what a quality Hollywood film is.
Pretty much the test of the Berlin test.
And I don't think I should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women are hiding during the residential crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep conversations and painful conversations on this school, and it's the great time for one of the actives to take a look at the door and say, "You come to the bed, short?
This is Hollywood.
So let's start in the numbers.
In 2011, from the 100 most popular movies, how many of them think they have female protections?
Only. It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage as the number of women that have recently chosen for Congress, so fine.
But there's a bigger number than this is going to be disappointed this room.
The last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what he said.
In the United States, one in five women says it's been sexually assaulted in their life.
I don't think that's the fault of mass entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
Nor do I think music or pornography videos are closely linked to it, but something was wrong, and when I hear that statistics, one of the things I think is that there's a lot of sexual agriculture.
Who are those guys? What are you learning about?
What can't you learn?
You're acting the story that a male hero paper is to defeat the violin with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk about?
Are we allianceicance that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We have tools to our willingness as a PowerPoint strike, and we hope that it will help, but I have to ask, "I have to ask, the poster is going to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively education are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the list of Netflix is a way to do something really important, and here I mean mainly the parents.
I think we need to show our kids a new definition of shoulder.
The definition of malaria is radically changing.
You've read about how the new economy is changing the role of the home and the assembly.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter what his favorite character from Star Wars -- you know what responded?
Obama.
Bubay and Glenny.
What do these two two?
Maybe it's not just the bright dress of view.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that know more than anyone, and they love sharing their knowledge with other people to help them achieve their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want less stories in which my son is told to my son, "Go and struggle only and more stories where you see their job is to join a team, maybe a team led to a team, to help other people get better and be better people, like the magician of Oz ...
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine, and one of the things I liked to do was look for sea cookies on the coast of Maine because my parents told me that it would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these concerts.
They're hard covers and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me collect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and architecture.
And finally when I started studying economist, I realized that I would see with my own eyes wasn't enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown to one of almost 1,000 miles of length next to the Nike.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try and make a map of the past, I knew it had to look another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see the infrared infrastructure.
This is a place located in the eastern Delta of Egypt called Benjamin.
And the place, to the naked view, seems to be brown but when we use the infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink role.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of landscape caused by building materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians and activities.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an old Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Itay was the capital of the ancient Egypt for over 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Fant, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The eggs have always known that Itay was located somewhere near the pyramids of the two kings that built them, indicating inside the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge relief planning.
This area is enormous -- it's about six percent for four kilometers.
Before, the Nike flows right next to Itay, and as it changed over time, he moved into the east, and cover the whole city.
So how do you find a selected city in an extensive landscape.
Trying to find the random would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a pain, with your eyes sold and using baseball gloves on it.
So we use NASA technological data to make a place of the place, with very subtle changes.
We were able to see where the Nile flow.
But you can see more detailed, and it's even more interesting, this area slightly elevated area that you see inside the circle here, that we thought could be the installation of Italian.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing sample jobs, and you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the ice shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for layers of human conduction.
Five feet down, under a thick light layer of mud, we found a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five meters down, we have a several hundred years of occupation of several hundred years that date the Middle Empire of exactly the same period as we think it's Italian.
We also found jobs of preficious proposition, corner, cure and cat -- which shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem like it's not very much, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewel of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense occupation layer that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence of a elite jewelry workshop showing that what has been there, was a very important city.
We don't find Italian in here, but we'll go back to place in a nearby future to locate it.
And more importantly, we have the resources to train young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also perform great discoveries.
I want to finance with my favorite quote of the Middle Empire.
Sharing knowledge is most of the voices.
There's nothing like that on land.
So according to it, TED wasn't founded in 1984 feet.
It made ideas happen really began in 1984 to a city lost not for a long time and found from high time.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the door color, to the material that's done.
Now they visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycle.
They're competing in a novel career of bicycles and they're going in direction to their entropy door.
I need you to see this really true.
They're losing strong, they're suicide, they're jumping very much.
And they get off against the door of your house.
There are bicycles flying around everywhere, wheels that go on next to the wheels that end up in absurd. They pass the threshold of the door.
The lobby, to the passion, or what you have on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light.
He's waving them with your hand.
From his chair on a brown horse.
It's a horse that talks about.
You can feel your blue ball making them cockroaches in the nose.
You can smell the bird cookie and you can smell that it's about to get into your mouth.
Go on one side and go into your living room.
Already in the room, and making use of his imagination, imagine British Springs.
It's with clothes, dancing on his center message, singing Hito One More Bank Time."
Now take the kitchen.
The floor has been coated with a path of yellow brick fragments, and from the oven, they come to you Dorino, the Man of Horse, the Professor and the Len of "The Magnet of Olympic, they grab out of the hands, jumping into you.
Okay. Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that is conducted every spring in New York.
It's called the memory campaign of the United States."
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist -- waiting for, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise supercomputer.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene.
They were megaining hundreds of random numbers, looking at them only once.
They memorize the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorized entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who I could memorize with greater rapid the order of a bank chart.
And I thought, "This is incredible."
These people must be phenomenon from nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This is a man named Ed Coca who had come from England and has one of the best trained memory.
I said, "Hey, when do you realize that you were a sand and a healthy?
Ed replied, "I'm not a work.
Actually, I have a average memory.
Everybody who's involved from this competition say they have normal memory.
We have trained to perform these miracles of memory using ancient techniques, invented by 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that Cycle used to memorize their speech, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books.
And my reaction was, "Wow, how did you haven't heard about this before?
We were standing outside of the competition room, and Ed -- who is a wonderful and brilliant English who is a little bit exceptional, he said, "John, you're a American journalist.
You know British Springs?
And I said, "What?" No, why?
Because I'd like to teach Britney Springs how to memorize order in a live Christmas deck on national television.
That would prove the world that anybody can do it."
And I said, "Well, I'm not British Springs, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start by something right?
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
I ended up spending most of the next year not just training my memory, but also researching my memory, trying to understand how it works, why sometimes it doesn't work, and what their potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called EPA.
He's an amazing, very likely memory in the world.
His memory was so bad he didn't even remember that he had a memory problem -- it's amazing.
Someone incredibly tragic -- but it was a window that lets you see how long our memory makes us who we are.
At the other end of the spectrum, I met this man.
This is Kim Peter. He was based on Paul Hotchweight in the movie Raway Man."
We spent one afternoon together in the Salt Lake City library, megaining phone guits, was centric.
And when I came back, I read a number of treaties about written memory does something over 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the Annie and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of having trained memory, disciplined and culture was not as weird as it might look like today.
A long time ago, people invest in their memory, to provide their minds.
These techniques have made possible our modern world, but they also have changed.
They have changed culturally us, and I would say that they have changed each other.
We have almost no need to remember, sometimes it seems that we have forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where people are still passionate about this idea of a trained memory, disciplined and grown memory is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so single, there's competition like this around the world.
I was fascinated. I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University of London invited a group of memory champions to the lab.
Do you want to know: Is it going to have brains in some way, structure or anti-graders of the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest of them.
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and control subjects to compare them.
When they put them in a magnetic MRI machine, they scanned their brains while they memorized numbers, faces and forms of snow companies. They found that in memory champions were lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They used to use, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves space memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we could learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career in which every year appears with a new way of remembering more things, more quickly, and then the rest of the competitors should be put in a day.
This is my friend Ben Princeton, three times of memory.
On his desk, in front of him, there are 36 cards of disparity napes that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that he just domes.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 416 birth dinosaurs attached.
Yes.
And while there's a lot of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all of the techniques used in the end are reduced to one concept that psychologists call electronic code."
He illustrates with a paradox elegant known as "Barine" paradox. "Bag says this: "Baldid" says this: "Being a two people who remember the same word -- I tell you you have a man called Bay."
That's your application.
And then I ask you, remember, there's a battle balloon."
And when I come back later and I ask you, "Do you remember that word that I told you a little bit?
remember what it was?
The person who was told that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who was told to her work is "Baby."
The same word, different memory of memory -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, the name Baker, doesn't really mean anything for you.
With all the other memories that dance for your head.
But the word "Bank," "Bang." We know we know panels.
They use white shadows.
They have flour in your hands.
They smell well when they come home to work.
We probably know some panel.
And when we hear that word for the first time, we began to put an eye pollinates to easily fish them at some point at some point.
So one of the most elaborate techniques to do this is about 2,500 years ago at the ancient Greece.
It's known as the "Palania's "Paland."
The story says this: There was a poet called Symmery who attended a bank.
They had hired it as entertainment, because before, if I wanted to give a very good party, it wasn't brought at a D.J. -- it was hired to a poet.
He stood up he took his memory of memory, and he was shot, and he was so soon he left, the room of the bank got collapse.
They kill everyone.
But not just killed them all, but he destroyed the bodies to make them unrealish.
Nobody could tell who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So you could not bury your bodies.
A tragedy behind the other.
Similarities, standing outside, unique survivor, in the middle of the rubble, close the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where he had been sitting in the environment.
He took your hand families to where their loved ones were like the rubble.
What Simonarians advertised at that moment is something that we all know more or less intuitively -- and that no matter whether we are not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for word of our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If you ask them to get me back the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Symmetries, it's very likely to find it very hard to do it.
But I would bet that if you ask them to say who I was sitting on the paralyzed horse in their lobby, they would be able to visualize it.
The idea of the memory palace is to create this building with your mind and put it out of images with the things you want to remember, the more crazy things, disappeared, funny, scary and application is the image, more inevitable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years ago, to the first memory treaties of memory, in Latin, launch.
And how does it work?
Let's say you have been invited to the TED stage to give you a talk and you want to make it memory in the same way that Cyclone would have done if you had invited the TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine that you're at the door of your house.
And there will be some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and inevitable image to help them remember that the first thing they want to mention is that completely inspiring competition.
And then you can imagine entering your house, and see the Monsortality of the Galapagos Mountain Mountain Ed.
And that would remind you that they want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Springs to remind you that funny thank you want to tell.
And then they went into the kitchen, and the fourth subject that you would talk would be that strange journey that they did for an entire year, and you have some friends to help you remember it.
So this is how Roman speakers memorize their speech, not word for words, which is going to confuse them, but typical typical person.
In fact, the term "statements: the Greek Titus, which means place."
It's a dress of when people thought about the orbit and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase first would be like the first place in your memory rate.
I saw this was just fascinating, and I got out of full in that.
I went to some of these memory competitions, and I had the idea to write something outside about this subculture of competitive memories.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a particularly boring event.
Seriously, it's kind of like seeing a lot of people sitting on tests. I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is mapping the front.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things going on in the minds of these people, but I have no access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in his place.
So I started spending 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem. Or the names of an old school annual bought in a lung market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expect it to be.
It was fun, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What is actually about doing is getting more and more the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, quote, provocatives, insects, abstract and excellent eyes, in the eye of mind.
I got a lot about this.
This is me, using my standard training team for memory competition.
It's a pair of ears and some security glasses covered with tape, leaving only two holes, because distribution is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same contest I covered a year before. It had the idea that I could incorporate, in a kind of participatory experiment experiment.
I thought this might serve a good job for my whole research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And he won me the contest -- something that didn't have to happen.
Of course it's nice to be able to memorize speech, and phone numbers, and shopping -- but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on quite basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be building paleontologists of memory or the members of nanotechnology cheap, to benefit with a little bit of perspective about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it would be an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Big memories are education.
The most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we concentrate deeply.
The memory of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even true.
They work because they make us work.
They force a kind of deep processing -- a kind of complete attention that most people are not running out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
This is how things are made memorized.
And if there's something that I want to leave you to today, it's what Eliza, the technician I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, left me to me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose from what is already our short existence by losing in the Black or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, and we're so hotel that we don't even bother ourselves to process in deep?
I learned from first hand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you must be the kind of person that I remember to remember with.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of architecture history.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex topic, so we'll just zoom in a complex place, New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from N. Jerry, I was six years old, and I lived there at home from my parents in a town called Librarian, and this was my child's bedroom.
In the corner, from my bedroom. I was the bathroom who shared my sister.
And between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balance that gave to the living room.
And there they all passed the mouse looking at the telescope, so every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everyone looked at me. And every time I was shower and I came back in a towel and they saw me.
And I was like this.
It was toxic, insecure and hated it.
He hated that journey, hated that balance, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about mathematics, but of those visceral connections, but of those visceral connections, emotional connections, that we feel in the places that we need.
And it's no wonder that we feel like that way, because according to the Environmental Protection Agency --  Americans spend 90 percent of their time under roof.
I mean, 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize us.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
This means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I do -- they think about power, "electricity and democracy."
And I know that you think about it for based on a building built 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It's a descent that architects use architects to create an emotional connection with the ways that we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection, we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museums.
And in the 20th century in America, we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid, in front of the sea, away from the elements.
This is very, very useful because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
The people who build the urbanizations and the governments and the governments are always afraid of innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
That's why we have buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
This is the Library Public Library who ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it has a dome -- has this round thing, and it has this round thing, columns -- that let me interview what Living is about communicating with this building, the children, the property values -- the story.
But it doesn't have much to do with a library of today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, was finished another library, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media media in the digital era.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet and read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both biologically, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works by the beginning of the penn.
On one side is innovation, the architects that constantly drive new technologies, new telescopes, new solutions for the forms of life.
We drive, we drive and we driven so much, that we get completely away from people.
Everybody in black, this depressed us, you think we feel very good, but we're dead inside because we have no choice.
We need to go on the other side and come back to connect with those approached symbols.
So we do it, and we're all happy, but we feel like translations, so we started experimenting again, we make the plastic back on the back, over and over again. So we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course it is, in the last 30 years.
Well, 30 years ago we took out of the '70s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called "Brook."
It's got to do with the management.
You can guess.
Small windows in described scale.
Something really hard.
So we approached the 1980s, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We push the plug back into the other direction.
We take those shapes that we know like and update them.
We add net and we added paths and we use new materials.
They love it.
We don't give an abandon.
We take Churcher arms and turn them into racks, which can be maintenance chickens made of glass.
The shapes were advanced, they won in audacity and collaborator.
The standards became columns in them.
The constitutions grew up to the size of buildings.
insane.
But it was the '80s, that was great.
We all spent the rat in commercial center, moving into the neighborhoods, and there in the suburbs, we can create our own architectural fantasy.
Those fantasies could be to medicine, to the French or the Italian.
Probably with a loaf of bread.
This is what happens with posting.
This is what happens to symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we recreate memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, that this is not the Tora.
This is Ohio.
Architects feel frustrated and we start to swing the skull back into the other direction.
In the 1980s, in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called description.
We download the historical symbols, now we have new techniques of communication design techniques, and we find ourselves with new compositions.
This is academic and embryonic, and it's super important. One is totally excluded.
Normally the silence seal back in opposite direction.
But then, something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building.
It's the Giussani of Bill, from Frank George.
This building fundamentally changed the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Goldburger said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when critical and academic and public and public and public people generally were completely aware of a building.
The New York Times dates this millionaire construction.
The tourism in Bilbao increased by a 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings, the angels, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spherie.
Everyone wanted one, and George was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these forms and wild and radical ways, how can they become ubiquitous all over the world?
And it happened, because the media was gave around them and quickly learned that those shapes mean culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The very major mayor of the world did.
So everybody believed that if they had these forms, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium, with other star architects.
He happened to Zaca and Liberia, and what happened to these little elite architects in the new millennium, actually started to go through all the architecture, and digital media started to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think about it, for example, how you consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, they would have to have walked to the next town to see a building.
The transportation acts accelerated, they can take a ship, an airplane, can be tourists.
The technology accelerates -- you can see in the newspapers, on the telly and at the end, we are all photographers of architecture, and the building is transported beyond its physical location.
The architecture is everywhere right now, that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
You don't have a long time to think about a building.
It takes a lot of time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 more, before we know if the one I designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been a good feedback in architecture.
That's how we find buildings like this.
The brutal wasn't a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they stopped them.
That's never going to happen, I think, because we're in the threshold of the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the management, the steel or the seat, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media of communication, it starts to swing faster and faster and be in both extremes in both extremes in the similar, and it actually destroys the difference between innovation and symbol between us, and you guys -- the audience.
Now we can make symbols almost instantaneously. With emotional charge of something completely new.
I'm going to show you how the system works on a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was income.
This is the center of a town called Penns in France Island, in New York City.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was over, it was already part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly exactly to the finished product, there was no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community. That first summer, when people began to get and shared it in social media, the building stopped being just a building, became a means of communication, because these are not just images of a building, it's the images that you made the building.
And as you use them to tell your story, they become part of the personal narrative, and that makes cortex with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us mutually what we think of architecture, because digital media not only changed the relationship between us, but they have changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think for a second in those librarians of Living.
If that building was built today, we would go online for "new libraries.
We'd be bombarded with examples of experiment, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's monitoring.
Monories that can lead to the mayor of Living, people in Living, and tell them that there is no unique answers to what can be a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use fragmented words and complicated drawings, and you're no longer a discovered audience that doesn't accept something that I haven't seen before.
Architects can listen to, and you don't let them go into architecture.
That means that the biological plastic of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find proper solutions to the problems facing society.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today.
This means that a public space in ancient City can be unique and adapted to the measure of modern city.
This means that a studio in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red brick based on ideas of what it should be a stadium.
This means that some robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for the ways that they're going to produce.
What that means is that the buildings are amazingly encouraged by nature captures.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or for yoga. Or even you can marry there at night.
This means that three architects can dream in the East River in New York City, and raise half a million dollars of the community around that cause, it's no longer a customer alone.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pale of renger, as muscle and fibers like the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter whether it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological buildings, smarter and more kind.
We've been waiting for all of you to want all of you.
Finally, we're not on opposite side.
They find an architect, control it and work together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot in play.
The buildings don't only reflect our society, but they shape to the smaller spaces, the local library, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stanford.
He just turned a year and he started walking.
And it does it very cool, typical of the children in a year, washing it, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally accurate.
And one of the things that likes to do for the moment is to look in the mirror.
She really loves her reflection.
It gets laughing and held, and it gives itself those big and moist, big kisses itself.
It's beautiful.
And apparently all of your friends do this, and my mom tells me that I used to do this, and he made me think, when a pair of doing this?
How is it that suddenly we are not with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like.
Every month, 10,000 people are looking for Google, I'm fake?
This is Faye, he's 13 years old and lives in Dennett.
And like any teenager just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's being preparing for next week in school.
He's a bit of fear, it's a little bit confused because, even though his mom tells him all the rat that it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him it's ugly.
So between what his mom tells him and what his friends or school colleagues say, don't know who to believe to.
So it makes a video of herself and post it on YouTube, and he asks others to leave a comment -- I'm nice or a favorite?
Well, so far, Farl has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disability, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy and normal and current teenager, who gets these answers in one of the stages of his most vulnerable life emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are putting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what are you taking them to do this?
Well, the teenagers today are almost never alone.
They're under pressure to be online and available all the time, talking about, chatting saying, "I like it, committing to me, sharing it, publishing it, this is never done.
We have never been so connected before, continuously, so young.
As a mother said, "It's like a party in your room every night.
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that come from the hand with that are implanted.
This environment, to be always connected, is adding our kids to be absolutely absolutely based on the number of "I love that they have and the kinds of comments they get.
There's no division between a online life and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it isn't.
And also, it's very hard to know the difference between what's authentic and what's manipulated digitally.
What is the most destroyed thing in somebody's life is normal in a daily context?
And where are they looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kind of images that are controlled from the girls from now.
Star streets are still dominating our passions.
The technique of aggressive is now a routine now.
And trends like, "Shinical transport, the things, the light and the labor.
For those of you who don't know it, it means proposition.
These trends are associated from women in popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young people are comparing for.
But kids are neither immune to this.
It's like the super-carefully stars of sports, and the bombing singers of the sport.
But what's the problem with all this?
Well, we certainly want our kids to grow healthy and be balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we are teaching our kids to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, at the price of all the other aspects of their identity.
Things like your relationships, the development of their physical capacity, their studies, and other things start to suffer.
Six out of 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think you don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They're fundamental activities for their growth as human beings and as contribute to society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments, avoid participating in the classroom debate because they don't want to attract attention for their physical side.
One in five are not attending classes at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the testing season, if you don't think you see enough good, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you get a lower note to the average of your partners who don't care about that of the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it becomes regardless of what these young people are.
So in order to be clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is debating academic performance.
And it's also detrimental her health.
Texas with a little bit of a self-assemble do less physical activity, they eat less fruit and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can take them to a food desert.
They have low self-esteem.
They are more easily influenced by the people around them and are at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's all about this for what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drug consumption, artistic diet, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early and protection and damaged damage.
The pursuit of the perfect body is pushing into the health system, and our government costs it billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, regardless of whether or not they have higher anxiety rates.
17 percent of women don't present to a job interview in a day where they don't feel safe with the way they look like.
Think about a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity.
releasing this potential is from interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, speaking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key shapes, the first is that we have to include trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs -- not realizing the situation worse.
So we must make sure that the program that our children follow not only to have a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas. The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six aspects are points of crucial party for any willing to provide an education in body autonomy that works.
An education is fundamental but facing this problem requires each of us who take the risks in the issue and be a better role model for women and girls in our own lives.
By challenging the status status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to have the emergence of our politicians in short hair or the size of their penguins, or to insist that the determination or the success of a Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a big beauty.
We need to start judge people for what they are, not as they see.
All of us can start doing it by taking responsibility for the kinds of images and comments we publish in our social networks.
We can choose people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you: When was the last time you used a mirror beat?
In short, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to truly change our culture, so that our children will grow by valuing all their people, valuing individuals, diversity, inclusion inclusion.
We need to put people who are actually making the difference in a prosthetic.
To make a difference in the real world, let's make them the way they are in the big screen, because we will only create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where the way that they believe that you can never see the benefits of being who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in your life.
Who have in mind?
To their wife.
To her sister?
How about daughter?
Do you have his free? Do your friend?
Could it just be the woman who is two seats away. What would it mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice in his interior, who struck him for not having long legs to have long, more thin monsoons, a more flat, toes bottom?
What would it mean for her if we put this and would say risk soldiers to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with images is giving us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
We show that the way you see you is just a part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for those who are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include the self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk about and compared to other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that small transparents of an age of today, they become agents of safe change in the morning.
Let's do it.
On November 5 in 1990, a gentleman named Shakespeare Solitary entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Medi Kanzi, the leader of the Liberian Defense League Line.
To Sonam initially declared it innocent -- but being presented by other minor charges, in company of others, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogue, and the headquarters of the United Nations.
Fortunately, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant for luck.
Sadly, the bomb of 1993 in the World Trade Center, couldn't avoid it.
Later, Solitari would be convicted by his participation in that attack.
Shardom Solitary is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being an Egyptian engineer, with a love American mother, in the two people made all possible to give me a happy child.
Only when I was seven years old, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam that very few, even most Muslims come to know.
By experience I saw that when people take time to interact, they don't require much to get the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in every human group, there is always a small fraction of people who are terrified so amazingly to their conversations that they think we have to use all possible media for everybody to live like them.
A few months before the arrest he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend. He and a few friends, had been going to throw in Long Island, to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We got to the Church shot police who, without knowing our group, was surveillance by the FBI.
When I was touching me, my father helped me hold the ritual in the shoulder, and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that was shooting I gave the little orange light on the goal, and for all of all, especially me, the whole thing called the phone target.
My uncle turned to each other and in Arabic, he said "Baby."
Of such a parent, such a son.
And all of us, the comment produced a lot of laughter, but only a few years later, I understood what I found so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted by putting a load up with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking corner of the World Trade Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and ran to another 1,000.
I admired those men.
I called them "mother, which means uncle.
When I was 19, I had moved about 20 times. That instability during my childhood didn't allow me to make a lot of friendships.
Every time I started to feel comfortable near someone was time to pack and go to another city.
As I was always a new face of class often was a victim of killing materials.
I held secret my identity to avoid being the white, but it will be the new of the class, silence and regret, was enough ammunition enough.
So most of the time had been reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons I didn't develop social skills, to say it surrounded by fantasy, I was not prepared for the real world.
They educate me but I would judge people, based on arbitrary indicators like their race or their religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
And one of the first experiences that had tested my thinking was during the presidential elections of 2000.
In a college program I participated at the National Convention June in Philadelphia.
My group focused on the subject of juvenile violence -- like I had been a matter victim of almost all my life, it was something that I felt so much passion.
The members of this group came from various processors.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids we had done friendship was Jew.
I took several days to go to light this detail and realized that there was no analogy between the two.
I had never had a Jewish friend before, and I felt very proud of being able to beat the barrier that my whole life had been made to me that was infrared.
Another crucial moment came when I got a summer job at Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I found myself with people of all sorts of beliefs and cultures, that experience turned out to develop my character.
And the whole life was taught me that homosexuality was a sin fish, and by extension, all gay hospitals were bad influence.
By chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most kind, and least critical people who had seen in life.
Having been accused as a child, I developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat loved people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
For that feeling I was able to focus on the stereotypes that I was taught as a child, with the experience of interaction in real life.
I don't know how to be homophobic but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then I came the Dark Show."
Every night, Jon Stewart made me emotionally honest to my intelligence, and helped me see that people's race, religion or sexual orientation, has nothing to do with character.
In many ways he became my satellite figure at a time when I was desperately needed.
In occasion, inspiration can come from the unexpected thing, and that a Jewish comedian had had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremist, wasn't in vain.
One day I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that I would be talking about in my heart while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough with international dogmas and said, "I'm tired of occurrence."
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to maintain all that hatred in your inside.
My real name is not Zach Embassy.
I changed it when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why did I decide to go out and put myself in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I have done it because I hope someone, one day, who is trying to lead to violence, can hear my story and understand that there is a better way. That even though I was convicted to this violent and intolerance, I did not get fascinating to me.
On the contrary, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and against presidents.
I do it by the victims of terrorism and for their loved ones, because of the terrible pain and loss that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
For the victims of terrorism, talking about these actually meaningless acts, like rejection to my father's actions.
With this silence, I'm exposed to this as a proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you.  Thank you all.  Thank you.  Thank you very much.
At this point, there's a film that is projected in your minds.
It's an incredible multi-time movie.
It's in 3D and it has a survey sound of what you hear and see right now. But that's just the beginning.
Your film has announce, taste and texture.
She feels your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, like the moments of your childhood that are projected before your eyes.
And it's constantly a support voice in your conscious thinking.
The heart of the movie are you who experience everything in director.
This film is your consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the human being.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal film of it, you, you and you.
There's nothing we knew more directly.
At least, I know I have an awareness of it.
I have no certainty that you are aware of.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't conscious, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies.
Why are we not just robots that we get to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible to be a science of consciousness.
science, by nature, is goal.
Consciousness is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost the entire 20th century, they predicted that vision.
Psychology studied the behavior of objectively behavior, neuroscience studied the brain, but nobody mentioned the consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then 20 years ago, it all started to change.
Neurosciences like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Pennsylvan said, "Now it's time for science to embrace consciousness."
And since then, there was a real explanation, a fluid of scientific work on consciousness.
And this work was fantastic. It was great.
But it also has fundamental constraints so far.
The center of consciousness in the recent years was the pursuit of correlations -- correlations between some brain areas and some states of consciousness.
We saw something about this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand a lot better, for example, the brain areas that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling pain or feeling happy.
But this is still a science of correlations here.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I would like to explain to you that this kind of work of neuroscience answers some questions that we want to explain to you about consciousness -- questions about what certain areas of the brain are doing and what they are constructing.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
It's not offense to neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well it doesn't address the real central mystery of this matter -- why is it that every physical process in the brain has to be accompanied by consciousness.
Why is there a subjective movie movie.
Right now, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emerging phenomenon like embassy, like hurricanes, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical surveys are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the embracers work, how the hurricane work, how they reproduce them, they adapt and metabolize living organisms -- all of them are questions about objective work.
That could apply to the human brain to explain some behaviors and the functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon, how we walked, how we talk, how we play chess -- all of them are questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among easy problems.
But the hard problem is the question of why is it that everything behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the survey, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually still doesn't have much to say.
I'm a heart scientific material.
I want a scientific theory of self-assembly that works. For a long time, he hit my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I came to the conclusion that that didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful explanations, great. We get used to this, physics explains chemistry, chemistry explain biology, the biology is part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit into this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we are conscious.
For another, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision in the world.
I believe that consciousness, right now, is a kind of analogy, something we need to integrate to our view of the world, but we don't know yet.
With an analogy like this, you can need radical ideas, I think we need ideas that at first seem crazy, before you can deal with consciousness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no hard problem in consciousness.
The whole idea of the inner subjective movie includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective function, the brain behaviors -- and so it's studied everything that needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a purely disruptive theory, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to simply denying that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is critical.
The physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe like fundamental freshwent, space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties are not explained in terms of anything more basic.
On the contrary, they consider fundamental, and that's the way the world is constructed.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental is beaten.
In the 19th century, I discovered that the electromagnetic phenomena can be explained in terms of fundamental concepts in terms of presented fundamental concepts -- space, time, New laws -- so I put the basic laws of electronics, and I put the electrical laws as a fundamental concept that those laws govern government.
I think that's the situation that we find ourselves with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental ideas presentation, space, time, mass -- then because of logic, you have to get the list.
The most natural thing would be to put the consciousness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that suddenly it's not about science.
It opens the path to scientifically handle the road.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts -- space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want fundamental law so simple that we could put them in a remarkable.
The situation of consciousness is something like that.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we could put them in a campaign.
We still don't know what laws they are, but that's what we look for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Every system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called panel," "Panel" for all, psychopathic percentage," every system every system, not only the humans, the dogs, the mice, the flies, even the microbes by Rob Kingda, the elementary particles.
Even a picture has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that photons are smart or they think.
It's not that a photo can be full of angiogenesis when you think, "Oh, always traveling at the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the rosed."
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe photons can have some element of raw feeling, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This may sound a little bit crazy for you.
How do you think something so crazy?
Part of this comes from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It also is worth noticing that although the idea seems illegal, it's much less for people of different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that perhaps the simplest and powerful way to find fundamental laws that relate to the thinking with the physical process, is that is linking consciousness with information.
Whenever there's information processing -- there's consciousness.
Process of complex information, like a human being, complex consciousness.
The process of simple, simple awareness.
Something very exciting is that in the recent years a neuroscientist, Giuli Tony, took this kind of theory and development in mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which I call the guy, which measures the degree of information integrated in a system.
And I assume it has to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible high degree of information integration, a high man's degree.
In a mouse there is a degree of information integration in a mouse of information, the same quite significant, degree of consciousness degrees quite important.
But when you get to the bombs, microbial microbes, the paper degree says it.
The level of information of information is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a level of a different consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness, high degree of chip, high degree of consciousness.
Also, another reason is that pandemic can help us integrate consciousness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies underneath.
As Stephen Hawking, "Where does the fire of the equations?
From the pandemic vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but you can use it to describe the flow of consciousness.
So that's what physicists do basically describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, the consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not outside the physical world as a kind of addition.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, the pandemic vision, has the potential to transform our relationship to nature, and it can have a pretty serious social and ethical consequences.
Some can be illegal.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that I had consciousness, then I had to be vegetarian.
If you're a pandemic and you accept that vision, you will have a lot of hungry.
I think it tends to think about it, and it tends to transform your vision, whereas what matters in terms of ethical terms and moral conditions, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and its complexity.
It's also natural questions for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the Earth's artificial intelligence system in the Hello's movie?
Is it conscious?
According to the view of the pandemic information, she has a complicated information process, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, they are quite serious ethical problems on the ethic development ethic of intelligent computers and the ethics of turning them.
Finally, you can ask for the consciousness of complete collective collections, the planet.
Canada has its own consciousness?
Or at a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk, and at this point we have a TED collective consciousness.
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think that at least it's a question that has to take seriously.
So this visible view is a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually safer from the first crazy idea, that consciousness is a fundamental thing, which is that the second one, that it is universal.
The vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex consciousness that we know and we love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we go through the right path towards a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, probably this is the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a small rural village in Victoria.
He had a very normal profile, a low education profile.
I went to school, I joined my friends, I was fighting my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came up to my parents because I wanted to name for a prize of the community.
And my parents said, "Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
And she actually hasn't got anything."  And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades. After the school, I had a low profile in my mother's head, and I spent a lot of time looking at the Server Salivore and Dukes Creator."
Yes, I know. What contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of teaching in a high school in Mellonda, just after 20 minutes in the class 11 minutes of legal studies, a guy raised her hand and said, "Hey, when will you give your speech?
I said, "What do I say?
Well, I had been talking about the diameter law for a good 20 minutes.
And he said, "You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, talk about inspired things in school?
Usually in the acts of action."
And it was then when I realized, this boy had had expertise with people with disability as objects.
And we are not. And it's not guilt of the boy, which is, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manipulations.
We're not real people. We're there to inspire us.
And in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting for you to inspire it. Right?  Yeah.
Okay, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to tell you strategically.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that they have lied to the disability of disability.
Yes, they have sold us that disability is something Mala, Macinton, M. </s> mass.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exception.
It's not something bad and it doesn't get exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to propose even more of this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this: "The only disability in life is a bad activist."
Or this one: "Your excuse is invisible."
Or this one another, before I leave you, intended it."
These are just a couple of examples, but there is a lot of them.
It may have seen one, of the girl without the hands drawing with a spirit of sustained pen.
You may have seen a child who runs with ordinary fiber legs.
And there's a lot of these images, which is what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the term delicious term because they match a group of people for another group of people.
So in this case, we classify the disabilities in the benefit of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, to motivate them, so that we can see them and think, "Well, by very bad it is my life, it could be worse.
I could be that person.
But what if you're that person?
I've lost the number of times a number of times I've been trying to express that they believe I'm a brave or a source of inspiration, and this happened before my work had a public profile.
It was like I would be happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name.  And this is consider.
These images, those images match people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think that things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
We had some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you might think.
They're not relative to our bodies.
I use the term discussional people, deliberately because I subscribe the so-called social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of the society that we live in our bodies or discoveries.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very locked with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to take the best of its ability as well as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside the common.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So is it really fair to match them in the way we do, when we share those images.
When people say, "You're a source of inspiration that says it as a complete.
And I know why it happens.
It's because of lying, because they have sold us this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't do.
And I know what you're thinking.
I'm here by the inspiration here, and you think, "Oh God, Stanford, you're not sometimes inspired by something?
And actually, I know I am.
Learning from other people with disabilities.
However, I don't learn that I'm more fortunate than them.
Now, learning that this is a great idea to use a few barriers to pick up the things that fall off.  And I learn the clever trick of how to charge the mobile phone battery in the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from force and resistance from others, not against our bodies and our diagnosis, but against a world that except and cost us.
I really believe that that lie that has sold us about disability is the greatest injustice.
It makes us hard life.
And that quote, "The only disability in life is a bad activist: the reason that that's a lie is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles in a stairs have never done that it becomes a ship.
Never.   smiling in front of a TV screen will not be able to appear the subjects for deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and throwing positive attitude to convert all those books to the brand.
It's just not going to happen.
I want to really live in a world where disability is not the exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl sitting in his bedroom watching "Buddhist The Salubria Selland is not considered of anything to be in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disabilities that we are happy to get up from bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11-year-old kid in a Melophone high school in Mellonda is not a little bit surprised that his new teacher is a wheelchair user of wheel.
Display doesn't make us exceptions, but what you think you think about knowing about it is that it does.
Thank you.
What do you have to see augmented reality and professional football, with empathy.
And what is the average speed of a non-violent golf police?
Unfortunately, today will only answer one of those questions, so please don't dissect.
When people think about actually increase, they think of "Minority Republe, and in Tom Cruck running their hands in the air, but the augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality will change our lives as much as the Internet and the mobile phones.
So how do we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I wear posted, the Google Glass.
I'm sure many are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass, are a device that allows them to see what I see.
It'll let you experience what is to be a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Globes Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game field at 100 kilometers the blood hitting your ears.
We can know that it feels like a man out of 110 pounds to help us, trying to get rid of all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's nothing nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass, under the helmet and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not images of the NGOs practices, because the idea of the NGOs of emerging technology is a submarine coming up to the surface, but we do what we can.
So let's look at a video.
Chris Kurdi," we go.
It's horrible to be taken.
A moment. Let's get a little bit.
Prepared?
Go!
Chris Kurdier: As you can see, it's a forecast of what is being launched in the football field, from the perspective of the scarce.
You may have realized that people lack the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, corruption of the University of Washington.
First field," mice 54: Rats 54: Rats.
Blue eight, Blue 8: Go!
Chris Kurdier: This is a little bit more about feeling to be in the field, but there's nothing to do with being in the NGO.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, be their favorite players, and they have asked me on YouTube and on Twitter, you can see from the angle of a field marker of field.
It's a running?
We want to experience that."
Once we have that experience with Google and Google Glass, how do we get in filled with film -- how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called October Rift, which is certainly a lot of you know.
The Ocean Rift has been described as the most realistic reality device ever created, and it's not cheap words.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh.
No, no, no, I don't want to keep playing. No!
Oh, my God. Ah!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain fearing for his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video of Adrian Peter crossing the line, determining from a catcher with the arm before running and making an analysis." What will be the experience of a fantasy.
When I could be Miss running around the horse, launching the ball at the bottom of the network? Or Federal making a sample in Wikipedia?
What is your experience when it descends from a mountain to more than 100 kilometers as a Olympic shot?
Maybe the adults are increasing for adults.
But this isn't still augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, Raisu.
How do we achieve augmented reality, Ray?
We will achieve augmented reality when the coaches and the memorials and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think, "How do we use this to improve our teams better?
How do we use it to make parts?
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win. They give them money.
So here is a brief reporter about technology in the NGO.
In 1965, Bathway Pots put a company to their field mask so that they would play faster.
They won Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radio in the helmet of the fields of field and after the defense.
They had more spectrums because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2003, imagine that you're a player to go back to your group and see his next player shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you carry on. You won't have to worry about having a play player.
Or to memorize the strategy.
They just come out to the field and react.
And the coaches want it, because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose games, and they hate losing games.
If you lose games you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But the augmented reality is not just a manual of strangers better.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your party of play.
How would it go?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera on every corner of the stadium having a view from how high people are down.
You also get information from the sensors of the hull and the accelerators, something that's already working already.
And all that information is sent to your players.
The good teams will be able to send it.
Bad information is going to be supported.
This would tell the good teams of bad equipment.
So, your computer team will be as important as your records, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerves.
Who would have imagined.
How would it be in the country?
Imagine what the field marker.
You get the bullet and the retrospects.
You look at an open receptor. All of a sudden, a phone on the left of your bombsight would tell you that a defense behind you is going to attack. You would normally don't see it, but the Ray system is advised.
Let's go to the protection area.
Another dolphin is going on you there is an open receptor.
You launched the ball, but they were broken.
And the ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where the receiver sees in your bombsight an area of grass.
It looks like, catch the ball, runs and analytical.
The public publisher and the fans have followed the player from each angle.
This is something to create a massive emotion on the game.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The reality augmented to be part of the sports because it's too profitable to not be.
But what I ask you to is, is this the only use of augmented reality increased?
Are we going to use it as just bread and circus as our usual entertainment international?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use the augmented reality to promote empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is literally to be in another person.
We know what this technology is worth for sports lines.
It generates billions of income a year.
But how much of this technology is for a teacher in the classroom in the classroom trying to show a abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victims?
How much does this technology value for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world how you live in personal life?
How much does also value for a Haiti Command or a Neil Derek Tiscle trying to inspire a generation of children to think more about space and science instead of quarterly and Karajan notes instead of the same time notes.
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is coming.
The questions that we make, the decisions that we take and the challenges that we face, depend as always, from us.
Thank you.
I recently retired after 23 years of service at the High Pacific of California.
And most of those 23 years old I spent on the southern end of the county of Marine County, including the Golden Gate bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, which is driven by its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean and its ancient architectural installed.
Unfortunately, it's also an imam for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
Group Gates Gate was open in 1937.
Joseph Strans, engineer head of building the bridge, said that, "The bridge is virtually the trial of suicide.
So suicide from the bridge is not a practical or likely."
But from their openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to their death from that bridge.
Some people believe that traveling between the two towers will lead them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such as it, so that the fall from it is released from all of your concerns and pain, and the waters that go underneath you will clean up your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After one fall of four to five seconds, the body hits water roughly at 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks bone, some of which prefer vital organs.
Most people die in the impact.
The ones that don't usually stick in the infinite water and then get drowned out.
I don't think that the people who control this method of suicide realize the death of the death that will be faced.
This is the cable.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches of parallel steel in the bridge.
This is where most people go before they take their lives.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at their darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man talked to an officer contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day in bringing it back on the barrier.
When I started working on the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the way through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who control suicide.
We've traveled a long way since then.
Today, veterans and psychologists train the new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met him on July 22 last year when I got a call from a possible subject sitting in the pig near the center.
He replied, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to a Golden Gate bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he was flying up to here from New Jersey.
In fact, he had flown up to here twice as long as New Jersey had been trying to commit from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason -- asked us if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
By remembering the Greek mythology. Ze created Pantheon, and sent her to Earth with a box, and he said, "You never open that box open.
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pantheon, and she opened the box.
From her, they came out of plastics, you know, and all sorts of evil against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us, "What if you open the box and there's no hope?
And a few instant instances, leaned on the right, and it left.
This yellow and smart guy in New Jersey has just taken out life.
I talked to Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family rabbi called me to see how it was.
The parents in Jason had been asked.
The substantial damage of suicide affect many people.
So I ask you these questions: What would you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved sound?
What would you say?
You know what to say?
In my experience, you don't just talk about, but you have to listen to.
Listening to understanding.
Don't argue, blame it, or tell the person you know how it feels like, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection that you need.
If you think somebody's suicide, you're not afraid to face them and ask the question.
One way to ask the question is, "Are you in similar circumstances have thought about their life -- you've had these thoughts, though?
To confront the person in front can save life and be the point of influence for them.
Other signs to look, despair, to believe that things are terrible and they're never going to get better. Impossible, believe there is nothing you can do about it, the recent social isolation, and a lost of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read you your letter.
She lost her son on January 19th of this year, and he wrote me this email just a couple of days ago, and he is with his permission and blessing that I read them.
"Hi, Kevin -- I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking I should go to the bridge this week.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell a lot of people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends, etc.
I'm still quite inspired, but I'm still noticing more time to realize that Mike won't go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
It never came there.
I called the Poland police and reported it as a disappeared night.
The next morning, two officials came to my house and reported that the Mike car was down on the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1500 in the evening of the previous day.
Thank you so much for fighting those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who has not been bad before without suffering a real mental disease?
It should not be so easy to end up with it.
My sentences are with you for your struggle.
The LHC Bridge Bridge is supposed to be a landscape through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victoria."
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and track the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man that I mean with hope and value.
On March 11, 2005, responded to a radio call for a possible subject on the sidewalk near the North Title.
I drove my bike, and I looked at this man, Kevin Bertran, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, it immediately crosses the balloon, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
For the next and half a day, I heard like Kevin talked about his depression and despair.
Kevin decided to decide that day to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he happy.
"This is a new beginning, a new life."
But I asked him, "What did it make that come back and give hope and life another opportunity?
And you know what he told me?
He said, "I hear me.
You let me talk and just listen."
Shortly after that incident, I got a letter from the mother of Kevin, and I have that letter with me, and I'd like to read you.
"Dear Bridges, nothing will delete the 11th of March, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin follows us.
I just believe that Kevin was crying for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it's been properly medicine.
I adopted Kevin when he was only six months, completely unconscious of all of those heritage traits -- but thank God, now we know.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We thank God for you.
And I stayed in debt with you, Narrator Bertcussion."
And at the end, she wrote, PD. When I visited the General Hospital in San Francisco that night, you would pretend like the patient.
I did have to solve.
Today, Kevin is an active father and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and of their depression to hope that their story will inspire others.
So suicide is not just something that I've found myself at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather suiced with poison.
That act, despite finishing its own pain, I was robot to know it.
This is what suicide.
For most people suicide, or those who consider suicide wouldn't think about hurt another person.
They just want their own pain over.
And usually this is just three ways, sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've responded and I've been involved in hundreds of mental diseases and calls of suicide around the bridge.
Those incidents that I've been directly involved in, I've only lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jasa.
The other one was a man who told him about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
In the final approach, he looked at me, and he said, Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go."
And I jumped out.
Horror, absolutely horrible.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of the people that we get to contact on that bridge are not suicide.
Also, those few people who have jumped out of the bridge and living and that you can talk about it, that one or two percent, most of those people have said that the second they left from the second, they realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge doesn't only connect Martin with San Francisco, but also the people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that every single one of us should strive to do.
So suicide can be prevent.
There's help. There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes them what you're not, but in your inside you know what you are, and a question marked you." How do you become that?
I have to be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone -- no way I'm alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream I had had for a child.
My outside finally matched my inner truth, with my inner self.
By complicated reasons, I will refer to the later, when I look at this picture, I think, "Well, you get it, you get it, you get it back.
But the October, I discovered that I am just beginning.
We all embody our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some of them have the courage to release to get rid of the limitations imposed by color color or the beliefs of those around us.
They are people who are always challenging the status quo -- what is considered to be accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent, even ignored my story.
I think this enemy is called revelation.
This is mine.
They recorded as "boy as a child because of the appearance of my genital genes.
I remember my five years in Los Philippines, in my house, I always had this t-shirt on my head.
And my mom asked me, "Why would you always take that t-shirt on your head?
I said, "Mom, it's my hair. I'm a girl.
I knew how to self-assemble.
The gender has always considered an immune fact, but now we know that it's actually more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dare to share my story, not because I thought I'm going to be bad, but why the world is trying to be about those of us who want to release.
Every single day I appreciate will be female.
I have mom, Dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so lucky.
There's a long tradition in the Asian culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess goddess honey.
And when I was eight years old, I was in a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries to me.
And I was in front of the stage, and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something would beat me, this is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15, when I was still dressed by man, I met this woman called TED.
It's the director of a conference of transformative beauty.
That night she said, "Why haven't you been involved in the beauty concentration?
He told me that if you were to participate, she would get rid of the description spending and the visible visible, and that night, he won in a toilet suit, won in gas suit, and he left third end of over 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, it was inside the world of beauty.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was a beauty of beautiful women, but I can.
I also met the dead of the demands, especially when we went to remote provinces from the Philippines.
But more importantly, I met my best friends in that community.
In 2001, my mom who had moved to San Francisco, he called me and told me that they passed my request of the green card that I could go live to the U.S.
I was resistant.
I told my mother, "Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like traveling and being a beauty of beauty.
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said, "Do you know that if you moved to America you can change the name and the gender identity?
It was all I needed to hear.
My mom suggested to me that I put two or my name.
She also accompanied me when I opened up in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand perform the most prestigious and sophisticated and safe surgery.
At that time in the United States, I needed to be able to make surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the driver's license with the name Gene and the female gender foot."
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means being able to drive or be able to get a tragedy, but for me it was the license to live, to feel dignity.
Suddenly, my fears looked minimal.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and be a model.
Many are not so lucky.
I think of this woman in Mama Networks.
A young woman from New York who was able to live its truth, but he was ready, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All of November 20, we make a global surveillance by the Transparacht Common Day.
I am in this stage because of a long story of people who were fighting and stood in front of the injustice.
This is Marshall P. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't continue to live my truth alone and just to me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame.
I'm here, exposing me so that someday there is no more Vietmbiss visualization in November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Will you?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you.  KT: Gene, a quick question.
George Rockett: Sure. You see, first, thank you with all my banks.
My support network, my parents especially, to my family, which is very strong.
I remember all the times that I've assisted young women -- that I've heard about, and sometimes when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it. I was taking the phone, he called my mom and said, "Mom, you can call this woman.
Sometimes it worked, others don't. It's just gender identity, that's what's in the center of what we are, right?
That is, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I try to do is put on the table that sometimes that sense of anxiety -- that there should be a space that allows people to self-esteem, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transformative movement is beginning compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and hopefully all of you are my allies.
KS: Thank you. Very kind. GG: Thank you.
In lots of patriarchal and tribal societies, parents usually are known for their children, but I'm one of the few parents who is known to her daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malawi began his campaign for education defending his rights in 2007, and when his efforts were honored in 2011, when he was honored by the National Prize of peace, it became very famous, a very popular girl in her country.
Before that, I was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we look at the history of humanity, the history of women is the history of injustice of inequality, of violence and exploration.
You see, in the patriarchal societies, just from the beginning, when a girl, their birth doesn't celebrate it.
It's not welcome and his father or his mother.
The neighborhood comes in, gives their mother consultants to the mother and no one happy the father.
And a mother was overwhelmed a lot to have a child.
When he gives birth to the first girl, the first daughter, he gets sad.
When it gives birth to the second daughter, it gets built, and with the hope of a child, when he lit his third daughter, it feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffering, but the daughter -- the newly born, when it grows, it suffers as well.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, she stays at home and school admit to their sisters.
Until the age of 12 years, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move down the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into the teenager, when it turned 13 years, he was banned to come out of his house without a male approach.
He's confined to four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
It becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if you translate the code of that honor of honor, you could even kill it.
And it's interesting that this own honor code, not only the life of a girl, also affects the life of male members of the family.
So this brother, sacrificing the joy of his life and the happiness of your sisters on behalf of honor.
And there's a norm more than the patriarchal societies called obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very swimming, very humble and very subtle.
It's the critic.
The model of a good girl has to be called.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts your father and mom decisions and the decisions of the elderly even if he doesn't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, it has to accept it, because he doesn't want to be tolerant of desperate.
If you have a young person to accept it.
Otherwise, they'll call it desperation.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a position: "The case, the ship, and then gives birth to more children and daughters."
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, including the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious cycle continues and continues.
dear brothers and sisters, when Malawik was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newborns, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at his eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought of her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary freedom light in Afghanistan.
His name was Malawi from Madison, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at it, they were all men, and I grabbed my pen, and I got a line from my name, and I wrote, "Malama."
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half years old, I admitted it in my school.
You wonder, why should I mention a girl in a school at a school?
Yeah, I have to mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in the United States, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in the patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, it's a great event for girls' life.
In describing in a school means the recognition of their identity and their name.
An issue to school means that it has entered the dreams of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I have five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised -- two weeks before, when I was looking at the Canadian visual form, and I was in the relative part of the family, I couldn't remember the applications of some of my sisters.
And the reason was that I had never seen the names of my sisters written in any document.
That was the reason I value my daughter.
What my father could not give my sisters or their daughters, I thought he had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the sacred of my daughter.
I encouraged her to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encourage you to go with me to different meetings.
And all these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this wasn't just for her, just for Malawi.
I've taken all these good values in my school to girls and boys alike.
I used education for exciting.
Teach my daughters, teach students to forget the lesson of the obesity.
They teach students to forget the lesson of the so-called September.
beloved brothers and sisters, we fought for more rights for women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights and, in particular, for women's rights.
It's called transparency.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political, economic and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
Girls were banned to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silent, the girls alien and the singers killed off.
They suffered millions, but a few spoken -- and it was scary to have around those people who kill and random when you speak for their rights.
It's really frightening.
At the age of 10 years, Malawi was lifted up by the right to education.
He wrote a BBC blog for the BBC blog, she offered herself for the New York Times documentaries and I spoke in every platform I could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spread as a climate around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and nine October of October in 2012, shot in the head.
It was a fantastic day for my family and for me.
The world became a big black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, he whispered my ear to my wife, I must blame my daughter to your daughter to your daughter.
And he was impossible to me, "Please don't blame you.
It defines the right cause.
You put your life on the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter was inspired by you and you joined you.
Both were on the right path and God protected."
These few words mean a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malawi was in the hospital and had severe pains, and strong headaches of head because her facial nerve was cut down, I used to see a dark shadow that was spread on the face of my wife.
But my daughter was never complained.
I used to say, "I'm well with my smile, and with my face.
I'll put me right. Please don't worry.
It was a consumer for us, and we were consultant to us.
beloved brothers and sisters, we've learned from her how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children and children and women -- it's like every 16 year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end his job.
I fight with his siblings, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me, "What's special about my tutor that has made so audacious to Malaysia so courageous and expressive and economic?
I tell you, don't ask me what I did.
Ask me what I didn't do.
He didn't cut his wings, and that's it.
Thank you very much.
Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you.
I was operating from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, science of the brain has become a personal passion.
I'm an engineer.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined myself to the Mosque group from Google, where I've had a divide to my burden -- Google X, but all the work I will talk about here today about brain science, I did it before I put Google or outside of my work there.
Having said that, there's a stigma when you join a brain operation.
You're just as smart or not?
It will not be able to be smart.
After the neurologist, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It was not gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurologists.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemistry, and try to get them, to try to get it to live on.
More than one time I've been saved by slightly.
But luckily, I have an experimental soul, so I decided I would experience to try to get the optimal doses because there really isn't a clear map that says it in detail.
And I started testing with different mixers, and I was surprised by seeing how small changes in the dose would dramatically change my car, my sense of who I was me, my way of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case, for a few months, I tried a typical dose and typical chemicals for a visit man, and I was surprised by how my thoughts.
I was always furious. I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and --  -- of course, a lot of times in the past I've known a number of times like this, or maybe some of the versions of it attached.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be an arrogant.
In fact, I was trying to try and fix a problem that I had on the front, and it simply doesn't happen.
So, I couldn't handle it.
It changed my dose.
But I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through -- since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do when I adjust those hormones and neurologists and so on, I was to recover my intelligence after disease and operation, my creative thinking, my ideas.
I tend to think almost always images, and that became my key reference point -- how I get those mental images that I use to create programmers, my ideas, if you want to try to test new ideas and recreate situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
Philippines like Human, Descartes and Hobbests see things like this.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
Today, there are the people who question this idea, and there's a lot of discussions about how minds work. For me is simple -- for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and inventive thinking.
So after several years, I got to find the point right and I have lots of great mental images, really vibrating, good sophisticated and well structures.
Now, I'm working on how to bring these mental images, my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a film director was able to use your imagination only to steer the world to have the front?
Or could a musician extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share at the speed of light.
And the fact is, the only difficulty to do this is simply to increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting to this with two recent experiments that are made by two developed groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, which is a functional magnetic resonance -- to represent the brain. Here you can see the brain scan done by George Gandhis and his colleagues at Harvard.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The medium in the middle shows the brain scan of that same individual while you could imagine, watching that image.
The column on the right is created by tracking the contents of the central column from the left side of the left. You see that the difference is almost nuclear.
This was repeated in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagine seeing that same image is almost nuclear.
Now, let me share with you another experiment. This is the Jack Gallar lab in Berkeley, California.
They managed brain waves into recognized visual fields.
Put it this way.
In this experiment, it was shown to people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while they were spreading their brains to create a great deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then they showed a film with new images, new people, new animals, and as much as a new scan was recorded.
The computer, using just the brain information of the scan did it to show what seemed to be that the person was seeing.
On the right, you can see the definitions of the computer, and on the left, the video they showed you.
This blew us back.
We're well close to it.
We just need to improve the resolution.
And now, remember that when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, you believe in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the brain scanning systems of most available resolution today, and their resolution increased as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are lots of techniques to do it.
One is to open up the skull and introduce electrodes to it.
I don't offer myself to that.
Many of them are providing new projection techniques for images, even I -- counting with the recent MRI result -- first of all, we need to ask you the next thing, this technology will be the end of the road.
The conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with larger magnets -- but at this point, bigger magnets only offer small improvements in the resolution -- not increase for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets -- let's make better magnets in it.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different rules, like doing a spirit.
And why do we care?
In the last few years, a huge amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets -- right?
However, most recent advances in responsibility of ingenuity and brilliant solutions in code and decoration, in the TMJ and FM radio recipients in MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a magnetic magnetic field, we used structured magnetic patterns joined to the FM radio frequency.
So, by combining the magnetic patterns with the patterns of the IMF radio processing patterns, we can actually increase the information that you can extract in a single scanner.
Also, we can then divide our growing knowledge on the structure of the brain and the memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using the IMF we should be able to measure not just the fluid of oxygen originally, but the hormones and neuroscientists that I've mentioned and perhaps even the direct neural activity -- this is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go over the language and communicate directly through thinking of the language.
What would we be capable of.
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filter?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be irritating to use as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar disease.
We have a few choices more than opening this door.
And anyway, pick up a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine that I'll take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about getting out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay storm.
I think we all have arms.
Your closet may be maybe to tell some person for the first time who love it or say to someone who's pregnant, or say to somebody who has cancer, or any other conversations that you have caught in life.
Every harmony is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously the experience of living and out of that weapon is universal.
It's fear, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I worked in the South Wall Walk Caltech, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through a number of stages of the unified military intensity -- not to trace my allies, to quote the letters of Andy Dad France as a letter.
And I'm going to be dependent on the hole of my short screen, and because I had adapted my head recently, I was usually asked to ask a little child, "Hey, are you kids or boy?
And this is an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would appreciate my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a rain left for me.
The father would be uncontrolled by the newspaper and the mother would launch her son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would check inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight it.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
It would have that conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
Are you a guy or a boy?
A family silence -- but this time I was prepared and was about to get into the female issues at the table --  I had Betty Friedman quote.
Global Steven quote.
Even a fragment of the "Vagina Monologues" I would show you.
And then I was going to breathe and I went down and I looked down and my back, a four-year-old girl with a pink dress, looking at what is not a challenge for a feminist play, just a girl with a question, are you boys or boy?
So I was going to breathe back and forth again, I stood up close to it, and I said, "Hey, I know this is something confident.
I have the short hair like a boy, and I saw clothes, but I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than kind of a child paradigm."
And that girl looked at me quickly, paying attention, and he said, "My favorite paradigm is violent and he has a fish.
Can you give me a pancher, please?
And that was it. Just "Ah, OK. You're a girl.
What about the pancher I asked?
It was the most easy conversation of everyone I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl of the pancher and I, both of them were honest one with the other.
Just like a lot of us, I have lived in some arms in my life, and yes, I often used to be a archives.
But inside, in the dark, you can't know what color they are.
You just know how one feels living in a closet.
That's how my weapon is not different than yours or yours or yours.
So surely, I will give you 100 reasons why coming out of my closet was harder than coming out of your own, but this is the thing: The hard thing is hard to be relative.
The hard thing is hard.
Who can tell me what to explain to someone who has been declared in broken bank is harder than saying it's been angle?
Who can tell me that this story is more difficult to say to your five-year-old child than you're going to diver?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We have to stop classify what is hard to us with respect to what it is hard to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live a hard thing.
At some point in our lives, we all live in arms, and you may make security, or you may make security or at least more security than the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you that no matter what your walls are made of, a weapon is not a place to live.
Thank you.  Imagine themselves 20 years ago.
I had a horse tail, a dress and shoe shoe shoes.
It was not a military lesbian prepared to fight any four years to go into the coffee.
I was frozen in fear of fear, accurate in a corner of my dark storm by putting my gay grash, and the movement is just the most amazing thing I've ever ever done.
My family, my friends, strangers with whom I spent my entire life trying to not figure out, and now the world was turned back into purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script we've all followed for so long, but if you don't launch that grash, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable graduate launches was on my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that a lot of the invited people knew that I was gay, and when I was doing my own honor labs, I was in my black dress, and I walked around the tables and finally came to one where the friends of my parents' friends, people who knew me years ago.
And after talking about a moment, one of the women he said, "I love Nathan Lander."
And the battle of the gay story had begun.
Asia, once you were in the Carter?
Well, yeah, the truth is, we have friends in San Francisco.
Well, we've never gone there, but we've heard that it's fabulous."
"Ahead, you know my statistic Assetman?
It's very good and it's never talked about having a nice."
"Ahead, what is your favorite TV show.
Our favorite program Will and Grank.
And you know who live us? Jack is."
Jack is our favorite."
And then a woman, discovered but in hoping to desperately show her support, to make me know that she was on my side, he finally said, "Wow, sometimes my husband uses pink shirts."
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you have all the graduate launches.
It might have been easy to indicate where they felt uncomfortable.
It's not very hard to find them and realize the fact that they were starting.
And what else can you ask for somebody, but to scare?
If you're going to be authentic with somebody, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
It's like the hard conversations still remain my strong point.
Ask anyone that I have come out.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Pacific Girl.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it implies out of any harmony is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the shock. Be yourself.
That little girl in coffee had no armor but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine -- others should have to know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be straight -- just give it off. Raise your parks.
If you know they're gay, give them up.
If you say to your parents that maybe they could be gay, they might keep the hope that that could change.
Don't give you a sense of hope.
And number three, and more important.  Let the complex.
You communicate your truth.
They never get apologize for that.
And some of them can be seriously served, apologize for what they've done, but they never apologize for what they are.
And yes, maybe some of them will feel decreased, but something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not from you.
The only story that matters is what you want to write.
So the next time you find yourself in a storm in a storm by putting a grash, you have to know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but they're not.
Thank you, Boulder. Enjoy the speed.
Intelligence, what is that?
If we look at the story of how intelligence has been seen -- a productive example has been the famous quote of Ediston Dickers that the question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the subject can swim."
When Edge Dickers wrote this as a critical to computer pioneer like Alan Turing.
And so a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental fundamental mechanisms of intelligence.
Let's go back to a step.
First, let's start with a mental experiment.
Imagine that you're from an alien race, who don't know anything about the biology of the Earth or neuroscience of the Earth or intelligence of the Earth, but you have incredible telescopes, and you can look at Earth, and you have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as terrorists, we know the reason why we are trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're from an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, which has no concept about the intelligence of the Earth, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to some moment in time, the asteroids that take away the surface of a planet mysteriously stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted several years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines that pointed out, I think, towards a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology -- for example, there have been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally attached to the development of intelligence, and in particular, for developing universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in the planning robotic movement, there have been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to leverage robots to maximize the future of action of action in order to perform complex tasks.
And so by taking all these different subjects and putting them together, I asked, for a number of years -- there is a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we could extract from all these different topics?
Is there just an equation for intelligence.
And I think the answer is yes. What you're seeing is probably the nearest equivalent to a E = my intelligence that I have seen.
So what you're seeing here is an affirmation that intelligence is a force, F, that acts in order to maximize the future of action.
It acts to maximize the future of action, or keep the open choices, with a Young T force, with the diversity of possible future, yes, to an income future income, stuff.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay caught up.
The intelligence tries to maximize the future of action and maintain open options.
And so having this equation, it's natural to ask, what can you do with this?
How predictive is it?
Does it predict the level of human intelligence?
Does artificial intelligence predict interactive?
So I'm going to show you now a video I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more desert, or "English," during their life should have tendency to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what if that technical control between entropy and insulin intelligence is a deeper relationship.
What if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with long-term entropy production, but actually it comes from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called Ethiopia, designed to maximize the long-term entropy production in any system that is inside.
Surprisingly, Ethiopia could go through multiple animal intelligence, play human games, and even make money by eating action, all of them without being told to do that.
Here are some examples of Ethiopia in action.
Just like a human standing up here, here we see Ethiopia balancing automatically a post using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable partly because we never gave Ethiopia a goal.
It just decided to balance the position.
This balance ability to have applications for humanoid robotics and human assistance technologies.
This capacity of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate by pulling out extremes of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that Ethiopia can make a version of the model of that task.
This ability of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and in a variety of other fields.
Entrepreneurship is widely applicable to a variety of dominances.
For example, here we see it successfully by playing a point of population against itself, including your potential for the game.
So here we see entropy to make new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keeps successfully connected to the net network.
This same ability of network orchestra also has applications in health care, in energy and intelligence.
Here we see England organizing the routes of a ship fleet -- discovering successfully and using the Panama Canal to expand the world from the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, Ethiopia is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense and logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see Ethiopia spontaneously discover and execute a business strategy, sale in a simulated series of action negotiation -- successfully increasing assets under its own exponentially.
This gesture of risk management will have broad applications in finance and secure.
Alex Wigmartics: What you've seen is that a variety of brands of behaviors of smart cognitive human beings such as tool use, walking upright and social cooperation -- all of them derive a single equation, which leads to a system to maximize their freedom freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony here.
We went back at the beginning of the term of the robot term, the Romantic work, there was always the concept that if we developed smart machines, there would be a cyber rebellion of it.
The machines were lifted against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all these decades, we've had the entire concept of cyber rebellion to investment.
It's not that machines first become smart and then mega-tastettes and they try to take advantage of the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually arise from taking control, rather than being backwards.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
I often ask me, "How do you look for objective targets from this kind of mark?
My equivalent to that statement to go through the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize the freedom freedom of action and avoid restrictions in its own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the corner of stars and losing the planet we call "Home."
Even though over the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth fit in the context of the universe.
The NASA Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points to the Earth is only one between billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the sub-Saharan intelligence of stars when planets go through the front of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler show the sizes of the planets in addition to the distance between them and their mother.
In fact, this helps us understand whether these planets are small, rockets like the planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives clues about whether these planets that we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, while we're finding this test of potentially healthy worlds, our own planet is decenting under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest regularly.
Global ice and ice who have been with us for millennia, now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on a global scale have rapidly overcome our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not a climate scientist, and I'm not astronomical as a classroom.
I study the planet of the planet influenced by the stars, hoping to find places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You could say that I look for alien opportunities in the ingenuity sector.
Now, as someone very interested in searching in the universe I can tell you that the more I look for planets similar to Earth, more enjoy of our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invited a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets that we know better."
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock and despite being a little further from the Sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world demonstrated by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, it's possible that Mars has been habitable in the past, and in part, that's why we study so much to Mars.
Our routes like Curassmake track their surface to search for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the MIT mission -- take samples of the Martian atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their skill.
The private companies now offer not just short space flights but also the possible possibility of living on Mars.
But even though all these Mars images remind us of the desert of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with cutting-edge ideas and pearls compared to the Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
We take the spread of the destructive areas of our planet that still remain to colonize -- places really exponentially compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and most elevated parts of the Earth is fresh and exhibition of oxygen expanded by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this excitement by the colonization of Mars and other risks with a big and sad planet got a big and sad shadow, the implications and belief of some of the Mars waiting there to save us from this inflated authority of the only planet that we know is truly habitational, the Earth.
As much as I like the interface exploration, I profoundly disagree with this idea.
There are many good reasons to go to Mars, but say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like figuring out that the captain of the Titanic will tell us that the trial of truth will have place later in the wild boats.   Thank you.
But the targets for interface exploration and Earth preservation are not contributed.
No, they're actually faces of the same monitor: the goal to understand and preserve and improve life in the future.
Extra environments in our world looks like extraterrestrial panels.
They're just closer to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile areas and inspirational areas of the land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment, the Fermi paradox.
Many years ago, the physicist Enrico Fermi asked the question that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe -- we should have found evidence of alien life existence so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, a possible solution to Fernus paradox is that when civilizations become advanced by advanced enough to consider living between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of the planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only planetary collaboration will save us from ourselves, but the planetary preservation and the interface exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to encourage the hostile environments of Mars for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the habitat on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I took my own house.
And while I was in the front porch looking in my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were on the dining table, where I had left them.
So quickly, I tried to open up all the other doors and windows and all of them were fine.
I thought about calling a close, at least I had my cell phone, but to the midnight, a close could take a long time to come in, and I was cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend of Jeff to spend night because I had an early flight in Europe the next morning, and I was precipitating from my passport.
It would turn out to be expensive, but surely it wasn't more expensive than a close at night, so I thought, despite the circumstances, it was out well stop.
I'm a profession neuroscientist, and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
It releases cortical rhythm that increases heart rate, model the levels of adrenaline and cloud the thinking.
And when I got to the manufacturing counter at the airport, I realized I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to ask myself, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in their place, which prevent things to happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the probability that it's a total catastrophe.
So I started thinking about that, but until a month later, my thoughts didn't critically.
I was dinner with my colleague Danny Kanzi, winning from the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed to him that he broke the window, and, I had forgotten my passport. And Danny shared with me that I had been practicing something called prosperity representation.
It's something that he had learned from psychologist Gary Kley, who had written from this a few years before, known as the printer.
They all know what the post-solve is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts comes and tries to figure out what went wrong, right?
In the premitera, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that could go wrong, then you try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize the damage.
So what I want to talk to you about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a promise.
Some of them are evidence, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with the obvious.
In the house, I will define a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis -- based on how our space memory works.
There is a structure in the brain called hypothesis, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a sense of the location of important things, where the fish are, where the fish are, which location the fruit trees, where friends are living and enemy.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that is being turned out in the London Taxis.
It's the part of the brain that allows squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask whether someone really did the experiment, they cut the smell sense of squirrel and still find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that are moving a lot.
This is the reason to lose keys of the car, reading and passport goggles.
So at home you take a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative dish.
For his passport, a particular carrier.
For reading glasses, a particular mass in particular.
If you take a place and you're screens with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about the journeys?
Take the cell phone a picture of their credit card, license driver, passion, send it mail to themselves to be in the cloud.
If these things are lost or robots, this can make the sustainability.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases corporation.
Cortex is toxic and an unusual thought.
So part of the primary practice is to recognize that under stress, we will not be at the very best, and you have to put the systems on their site.
And there is perhaps no more stressful situation than when you face a medical decision.
And at some point, we'll all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical attention or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical condition.
But this is grown as a prosthetic to everything of medical decisions, and in fact for financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision you have to take from the one that you have to take from a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor, and the doctor says, "I've got the result of the lab, and the cholesterol is a little high.
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, heart attack heart attack, store brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best, then the doctor says, "I'd like to acknowledge a drug that will help you reduce the collaborator, a standard."
And you may have heard of the stations, and you know it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today. You are even likely to meet people who take them.
So you think, "Yeah, I remember the standard."
But there's a question that you have to do then, and a statistic that has to be asked from which most physicians don't want to talk about, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NT, the number needed to treat.
And what is this, the NG?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before it helps one person.
And you have to think about what kind of desperate statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor would not recognize me if it wasn't to help me.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the blame of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault. It's from scientists like me.
We haven't understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Galapagosi estimates that 90 percent of drugs work only 30 to 50 percent of people.
So the number needed to treat the most widely received season, which what do you think is it?
How many people have to take it before they help a person?
300.
This was about the research of cynical researchers Jerusalem Gramma and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Blogg.
I explored the numbers.
300 people have to take medicine for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, or brain spill or another adverse event.
Now maybe you think, "Well, one chance in 300 of my cholesterol comes down.
Why not, doctors? Give me the recipe anyway.
But then you have to ask for one more statistics, and it is, "Hall out of the side effects. Right?
For this particular drug, side effects are produced by five percent of patients.
And those include terrible things -- delicious pain and artificial pain -- but now you think, five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still to take the medication.
But a moment.
Remember that under stress doesn't think clearly.
So think about how it looks like this over time, so you don't have to make the reasoning chain in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped you, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to go out of the drug that you will help your drug.
I don't say they should or don't take the standard.
I just say that they must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, is part of the principle of informed consent.
We have access to having access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
You may be thinking that I've launched this number in the air for the clash of the crash, but actually this needs to be quite typical.
For the surgery that it is most done in men over 50 men, extraction of prostate prosthetic, the number needed to treat is 49 dollars.
So 49 surgeries for a person who has help.
And the side effects in that case are produced by 50 percent of patients.
They include impossibility or erectile dysfunction -- incidental incentive, record landing, fecal income.
And if it's lucky, and that's one of that 50 percent of the effects will only take a year or two.
So the idea of the reward is to think before the questions that you might be able to argue that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about quality of life.
Because you have an option many times, you want a more short life of pain, or longer life that might have a lot of pain at the end?
These are the things that you talk about and think of now, with your family and your loved ones.
You can change the heat of the moment, but at least you are trained in this kind of thought.
Remember, our brain releases corruption under stress, and one of the things that happens at that time is that you get a lot of systems.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face in face with a predator -- you don't need the digestive system, or release or immune system, because if the body is spending metabolism in those things, it doesn't react with rapidly. They could become the lunch of lions and so nothing matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes out of the window during those moments of stress is rational logic, like Danny Kanzi and his colleagues have shown you.
So we need to train ourselves to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think what's important here is to recognize that we're all defined.
We'll all fail.
The idea is to think of the future how those failures might be, to put systems in the place that will help you minimize the damage, or to prevent the bad things to happen in the first place.
Religious at the night of Ninovan in Monterey, when I came back from my journey, my contractor set up a combination card next to the door, with a key of the door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of cards that I haven't ordered -- and lots of email messages I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: Pink, "Prince is my favorite musical symbol.
It means playing surrounding.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a picture in the score, you need to play more successfully.
Two pounds, even more suicide.
Four dollars, extremely soft suicide.
This is my drawing from a couple of couple, you see that no matter how many thousands and thousands of pounds may have never got to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence, a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the history of the American system of signs, ATM, plus a little bit of my own story.
The language of French signs came through the 1800s, and over the course of time, mixed with local signs and developed the language we know today like ATM.
So, it has a story about 200 years.
I was born deaf, and I was taught to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
But now I realize that it's not true at all.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sound, it's like I was living in a foreign country, following their rules, computers, behaviors and rules without questioning them.
So how do I understand sound.
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my assets and amplify sound.
Learning and copying that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sound, and I've seen how people respond to it.
So I've learned for example.
"Don't get the door."
"Don't make a lot of noise when you eat the potato potato bag in the fresh chips.
And you don't error, and when you're eating -- make sure you don't pull the covers on the plate."
I call all this sound "back."
Maybe I think of sound label than the average person does it.
I'm a vegetarian supermarket of sounds.
And I'm always waiting for the sound of sound, which is about to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TBP: For deciding to it.
TBP: So to continue.
TBP: For announcement.
You can see the penguin doesn't have notes in the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and manufacturing buttons.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the signal for "Pance" at ALS.
A typical penguin has five lines.
However, for me, it will make the self with my thumb so it doesn't feel natural.
That's why I only have four lines on the paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic resistance there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painting.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries and while I was going from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend and that was called the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was auditory.
Now sound has entered my territory of art.
Am I going to distance more from art?
I realized that it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't just experience through your ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the sound ownership and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything that I had taught me about the sound of sound, I decided to leave it and get it.
I started to create a new job of work.
And when I presented it to the artistic community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I got.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control, social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was an age, it was something of an obvious person.
And the sound is so powerful that I could get rid of my artistic job, or I could empower me.
I chose that I would empathize.
There's a massive culture around the spoken language.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from equal and become my voice.
So I am able to be relevant in today's society.
So in school, at work and institutions, I work with lots of different performers from ATM.
And their voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking for their voices, I am able to keep a temporary form of value as well as taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I weren't going to continue with this practice, I feel like I could get rid of the forget and not have any kind of social value.
So with sound like my new artistic medium, deep in the music world.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and ATM.
For example, a musical note cannot be captured and exposed fully on the paper.
And the same thing can be said about a concept at ALS.
The two are very space and highly modulate that means that subtle changes can affect all the meaning as much meaning as sounds like sound.
I'd like to share a penguin of the piano, so that you understand how the NSA works.
So, imagine a piano.
The ATL is divided into many different grammar parameters.
If you assign a different parameters for each finger while you touch the piano, like facial expression, the body movement -- the speed, the shape of your hand, and so while you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if you would just put one keyboard at a time.
However, the ATL is more like a chord -- you need the 10 fingers simultaneously, to express a clear concept or in AT&T.
If you just would change the account, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing is going on with music as much to tone and the same thing to and volume.
At ALS, when you use these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the signal is in that."
This is the sign "Freedom in that."
I'm looking at you.
Looking at a lot.
Oh, I got stuck.
Oops.
What are you looking at?
Ah, enough.
So I started to think, and if I look at AT&T through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could become like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of "Day," the sun comes out and it gets on.
This is "All Day."
If you repeat it and reduce speed, you look like a musical piece.
All day.
I feel that the same thing can be said from "All night.
"All night.
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different types of nights, "And "Alway: "Over the night,  "All night.
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed at ALS and how distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one hundred -- it's one hand, two shoulders, it's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body, and the past is in the back.
So the first example is a long time ago.
Then, "I go on and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic and dramatic idea at the same time, "There was "One time."
Common time is a musical term with a specific rhythm of four times by companies.
However, when I see the word "common time, I think of at the same time."
Look at MIT: right hand. Two, left hand.
We have the penguin through the head and the chest.
"Arabic: MIT, flat shoes -- "I call it -- "Mom, I am going to show you a form of your hand called "Faustan Garage."
Can you do it with me?
All of them at hand.
Now we're going to do it as much in your head as the chest, sort of like Common Time Air Aires."
Yeah, good.
That means "In the international system.
The international system, as a note is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and language languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this. Please do it again.
And now this.
It means "colonial at ALS.
Now, the third one. Please take me again.
And again.
It's "Linker at ALS.
We're going to do the three together.
"World," "Closing and "Elizabeth."
All right, all right.
Notice how the three signs are very similar. They all happen in the head and the chest. But they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the ATL is alive and prosperous, like the music.
However, today, we live in a very autobiographical world.
And just because the ATL doesn't have sound, automatically it has no social value.
We need to start questioning what the social value defines and allow the ALS to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ATM. You don't have to hear to learn music.
The ATL is a rich, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience from our visual language.
And you never know, they can even fall in love with us.
Thank you.
Dennis Kamafianes: Hey, that's me.
And as a child, my parents said, "You can put it up, but then you have to clean it."
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination took me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in a bubble of innocence or an ignorance bubble I have to say, because adults lie us to protect ourselves from the awful truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also include and they're not very good at cleaning each other.
Time went on, now I'm an adult and I teach citizens and invention at Harvard Kong.
You don't have to wait a lot for my students to walk through the beach beach with lots of trash.
So as good citizens, we cleaned the beach, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if you are, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spiritual thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, collecting those pieces of plastic to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and we collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those huge boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15 years, we dream to make a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a street.
We started building this job of work with high advance so that the very cheap kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are really cool and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to plastics.
We collect the plastic and we reduce it to the size that we find it in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragment.
That we do.
I leave it to the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we hope to work.
We decided that instead of collecting pieces of plastic, we just collect information.
By using a robot, we take an image of this plastic -- kids are very excited about robots.
Then we quickly created what we call a prototype."
We are so fast in creating prototypes that we ended up before lunch.
And we transformed light bulbs and cameras in access and we assemble it into a floating robot that will slowly move through the water and for the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the plastic bits floating slowly through the sensor while the onboard computer process this image and measure the size of each particle to get a rough estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this step-by-step invention on a website called "The Instructions of Instructions, with the hope that someone gets better even more.
The great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I pushed, they're trying to solve it immediately.
"I can investigate my local problem, but my students in Hong Kong are very well informed.
You see the news, consume the Internet, and they hit this image.
a child, maybe under 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands in Sundays, the largest management management in the world in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that drink -- it's the water where they're banking, the water where they fish, the place where they live.
You can also see that water is brown and the mud and the oil also is brown and when everything mixes up, it's very difficult to see what the water is.
But there's a simple technology called sperm, which allows you to see what is in the water.
We built a first prototype of a spectrum that can be used through all kinds of substances that produce different spectrum, which can help identify what is in the water.
We took this prototype with a sensor and we sent it to Bangladesh.
The great thing about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or looking at a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to help other children remote to other children.
I can investigate a problem at the distance, I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and perhaps remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that they trigger several giant waves called the tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east coast of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in a second.
It also gives the full nuclear power plant in Buddhist, a nuclear core close to water.
And today, according to reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking from the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the entire Pacific Ocean has transportation traces for supermarket.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure the radio radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most of the time, it has safe looks, it's blue.
Well, the reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Buddhist every year from the accident and researching independently with other scientists, the land, the river, and this time we wanted to take the kids.
Of course we didn't take them, parents didn't allow it.
But every night we reported the control center, here you see the use of different mask.
They might seem to be not taking the work seriously but they did it because they're going to have to live with the radio all their life.
Together with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do next, strategies, initiative, etc.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary reduced map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigment to represent real-time data from radiation, and we pump water to simulate rain.
And with this we could notice that the radioactive dust was filtering from the top of the mountain into the remote system and displaced in the ocean.
It was a rough estimate.
But based on this we organized a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We approached up to 1.5 miles of nuclear control, and with the help of fish from the area we were collecting seasons from the sea milk with a sex tracking as we invented and built and built.
Here's a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple.
But at the same time, it has been more and more frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve the problems.
I wonder if we should give the leap and try to invent better ways to do all of these things.
So the classroom became a little bit small, and we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the largest space dedicated to the social and environmental impact.
It's in the center of Hong Kong and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal metal, chemistry, a bit of biology, of optical petition, basically you can build almost all of there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where kids of children can come back to the help of adults, and where adults can be children again.
Students: Acceleration." Accountaines."
Charles Harry: We ask questions like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or can we help in the mobility of advanced age population transforming its standard wheelchair chairs in new electrical results?
Plastic, oil and radiation are terrible, but the worst legacy we can leave our children are the lies.
We can't afford to protect children from horrible truth because we need their imagination to invent the solutions.
So scientific citizens, creators crosses, solars, we have to prepare the next generation to be concerned about the environment and people, and so I can do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin clapping, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made out of thousands of pieces of steel, the other one of a single silk shot.
One of them is synthetic -- the other organic one.
One is imposing on the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one for it.
Miguel angel said that when he looked at the marble memory, he saw a figure that struggles for being free.
The cinemate was unique Miloson Angeles.
But living beings are not circled.
They grow.
And in the smaller units of life, cells, we took all the information required by every cell to work and to replicate and to replicate it.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by rivers of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have taken a world of parts of parts of parts -- by figuring out the imagination of designers and trained architects to think of their objects like supplies of distributed parts with different functions.
But you don't find homogenerated materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skin is delighted with dialect pore.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores of the back.
You act primarily as a filter filter, the other mostly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin, there's no parts, no stores.
It's a system that gradually vary its functionality through the variation of electricity.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, the double personality of every designer and architect to work currently between the circle and the gene between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and the growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis -- is shown in the two screens after me.
My job, in its simplest level, tries to unite these two visions of the world, moving away from assembly and getting to growth.
You probably wonder, why now?
Why wasn't this possible 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where four disciplines are concerned that offers access to access to the tools we never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four camps, my team and I created me.
Please know the minds and my hands of my students.
We design objects, products, structures and tools through scales, of large-scale scales, like this robotic arm with a 24-year-old drop with a very clear basis that someday not very distant print entire buildings and graphics to nanoscale manufacturing manufacturing machines that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the cell, an archetype from the ancient Arab architecture, and has created a screen where each openness is unique to shape the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a false, and this was for a Paris device of Paris Van Van -- it's like a second skin made from a single piece, registered in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Together with 3D printing collaborative collaborator, we printed this layer and failed 3D without contrasts between the cells -- I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combined rigid and white materials in the resolution of 20 miles.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CT scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and synthetic instruments, allows to design products that are adapted not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at a time, comfortable and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter -- my collaborator, we went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this improvisation pattern, it becomes an absence.
We printed this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in rich, application and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or a self-assembly, but vary continuously and deliberately material property.
But is nature ideal nature?
There are no parts in nature?
I didn't raise in a religious Jewish home, but when I was a young man, my grandmother told me stories about the Hebrew Bible, and one of them was left and got to define a lot of what I care.
As she related, "In the third day of the creation, God sent to the Earth to grow a fragile tree of fruit."
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches and leaves and fruits and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the land made trees with branches with branches, cortex, workshops and flowers.
The land created a world made of parts.
I often wonder, "What would be the design if objects were made from one piece?
Will we go back to a better creation?
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of fruit of the fruit tree with fruit and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the quarter, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms like shrimp, bloods, entrepreneurs and services.
We think that if we could tune on their property, we could generate multi-tenth structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it legal marriage.  We asked a lot of school schools, the molecules and we produced the public pass.
Vacative concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque to light, soft and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, a system was built with multiple bikes of robotically controlled extraction backs.
The robot could provide the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from one single material three feet long, 100 percent recycled.
When the pieces are ready, they are let them dry to find a natural form of contact with the air.
So why are we still designing with plastic design?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain photographic microscopes that appeared for the first time on the planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Together with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we built the bacteria genetically designed to capture rapidly carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we have been able to generate structures that make their transition without the problems of visualization to mesh and if you zoom in even more, to windows.
A fragile tree tree of fruit.
Working with an old material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of husks of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part, for biodegradable objects to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed the marine life, and put it on the ground, help them grow a tree.
The adjust for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We look for the possibility to create clothes to maintain the life for interactive travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we did our own table of elements -- new forms of life created computerily, made in an additive and incredibly augmented form of shape.
I like to think of synthetic biology as liquid animation, only instead of transforming precious metal, they synthesize new biological functionality within very small channels.
This field is called microscope.
We printed our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, they combined two microscopes.
The first is the childhood.
It lives in our oceans and in the freshwater stairs.
And the second one, E. color, the bacteria that was in the human intestine.
One makes light to sugar, the other sugar consumes and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microscopes don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship on a piece of clothes.
Think of it as an evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution by design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract that will help flow these bacteria and make their way out of their way.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, provide the properties of the material as the fundamentalism desired to be.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we had more transparent channels.
This disgusting digestive system -- when you stretch from extreme to end, it takes 60 meters.
This is half the length of a soccer field, and 10 times more than our interpreter delighted.
And here it is, as a prime at TED, our first posterial photographer, little bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shangha said, "We are a fashion case, only half of it is done.
What if the design would provide the other half.
What if we could create structures that increase the living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that would scan our skin, and they would repair the damaged tissue and hold out our bodies.
Think of this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
So you always have to go back to nature.
By now, you know that a 3D printer printing material in layers.
You also know nature doesn't do it like this.
I grew up with social.
This worm calm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which we metabolize it.
The non-lethal manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It does it by combining not two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations do.
An act as a structure, the other is the glue or the matrix, putting those fibers to each other.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first is pressed in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then it starts to filter a wire of compression.
tension and compassion, the two forces of life, they manifest into a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we put a small magnet to the head of a silk worm to the hills.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the saving of the silk worm the saving.
However, by putting the silk worm into a flat park -- not within a box, we realized that it would float a flat cage and still metabolize their health.
So we started designing different environments, different analysis, and we've discovered that the shape, the composition of the cocoon is transmitted directly by the environment.
They are often boiling silk worms to death inside their candles, their silk shoots and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these dishes, we could shape the silk silk without boiling a single candle.
They were metabolized healthy, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process to architectural scale.
We had a Dutch robot making silk planes, and we put ourselves into our site.
We knew that silk worms migrated into darker and cold areas, so we used a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we created holes or airports, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms on the structure.
We were prepared to get organisms.
We ordered 65,000 silk worms to a online silk farm.
And after they feed four weeks, they were prepared to do with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding -- and as they were held, they crashed, they shoot, they put eggs, and life begins again, like us, but much, much shorter -- much shorter than us.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity and he was right.
The billboard silk on the hill silk robots, they give all of this pain its integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks, 65,000 silk worms take 65,000 kilometers.
In a curious symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The police, after the economy, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 additional papers in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk soil through a robotic arm, the other vaccines.
If the last frontier of design is to give the products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions in the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at first.
Here is a new era of design, a new era of creation, that led us from a design in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, for the first time, we make care of nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much. Thank you.
Raise your hand if you've ever asked them, "What do you want to be more of?
If you had to remember how old they had when you first asked them for the first time.
You can show it with your fingers.
Three. Five. Three. Five. Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question, "What do you want to be older?
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I am somebody who could never answer the question, "What do you want to be more of?
The problem was not that I had any interest, but I had too much.
In school, I liked English and kills and art and developed web websites, and I played the guitar on a band called Telescope France.
Maybe you've heard about us.
And in general, I like to try and test and think about it anyway, for having spent a lot of time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But over time, this feeling of absorbing, this sense of, this is no longer a challenge, it gets to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in something else, something completely different, and I dive into it, and I let myself absorb and I feel "Yes." And then again, this point where I start to get bored out.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I would like to focus on that.
This pattern made me a lot of anxiety for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, deny all of my other passions, and refuse to be absorbed.
Another reason why I became so anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong about this, and something wrong in me for not defining anything.
I worried about having a fear of engagement, or being fired or self-interest or my own success.
If you can relate my story and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I would like to have asked you then.
Ask yourself, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I will tell you where they learned it, they learned about culture.
And we first asked, "What do you want to be older?
When we're about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer at that age.
You consider an naive question to cause cute answers in kids like, "I'll be an astronaut or I'll be "Bad "Dance," or "I want to be permission."
They insert Hollywood here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow out of various ways, for the fish, to high school students are asked to choose college.
And at some point, "What do you want to be greater?
It goes from being the cute exercise of the way that it takes away from us.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, not inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite of it, because when someone asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though well-intentioned adults are probably laughing and say, "Oh, how cute you can't be a violence of violent and psychology.
You have to choose."
This is Dr. Bob Chiles -- and he's artificial and psychopathic of psychiatrist.
And this Amy Ninet, the magazine editor turned into illustration, businesspeople, teacher and creative director.
But most kids don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is that they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The central life notion is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of the fate or the real vocalization, the idea that each of us has something to spend during your time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But what if you're somebody who's not connected in this way?
What if there are a lot of different subjects that wake up their curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that frame.
And so you can feel alone.
You can feel that you don't have a goal.
And feeling there is something wrong with you.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multinational.
A multinational is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
And it's a back shock for that.
It could help you if it divided in three parts: multiple and potential and damage.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea, as a survey, renewable.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was well steeped in multiple disciplines.
Barbara Shangha refers to us as schools."
Use whatever term you like or invent your own.
I find it as a kind of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see multiple as limitation or definition that you should be.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths when this way.
Here are three multi-controlled supercomputers.
One: ideas.
I mean, combination of two or more fields and creation of something new in intersection.
Sun Hawking and Rachel Bing expressed their shared interests in cartoon, visualization of data, travel, math and design, by founded Meseen.
Mike is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
And Sahara and Rachel came up with this unique idea for his mix of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens at intersections.
That's what new ideas are coming from.
And the multinationals, with all their antibodies, can access a lot of these points of interaction.
The second super-careful superpower is fast learning.
When multiplenies are we interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We are used to being principles, because it's been a lot of times in the past, and this means that we are less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort areas.
A lot of skills are transparent to other disciplines, and we bring everything we've learned to every new area we have, so we rarely start from zero.
North Donne is a full-time journey and intersectional writer.
As a child personal girl, an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she is the fastest memorial memory.
Before I became a writer, Norway was financial planning.
He had to learn the mechanics of selling sales when he started his practices and this ability helps him write compelling launches for the editors for the editors of the editors to write the editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to get to what you get attracted to, even if at the end of it you abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have anticipated.
The third multinational superpower is adaptation. I mean, the ability to transform anything that's needed in a given situation.
Abed Caper is sometimes director of videos, others, website designer -- sometimes consultant on Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and, sometimes, James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because it can take diverse roles depending on the needs of your clients.
The magazine Fast Company defined adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so rapidly and impossible that they are the individuals and organizations that can spread to satisfy the market needs, which will actually be provided.
You know, synthesizers of ideas, quick learning and adaptation: three skills where multi-looking are very habitation, and three skills that you could lose if they're pushed to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest in encouraging multinational multiplexies to be themselves.
We have complex problems, multiple right now, and we need not conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in your heart, specialist.
They came out of the belly.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made from a specialists and a multi-controlled multinational.
The specialists can dive deep and put in practice, and the multinational offers a amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all be designing lives and careers that communicate with how we are connected.
And unfortunately, the multinational multiple is encouraged to just be more like their fellow specialized.
Once they said this, if there is one thing that you take out of this talk, I hope it's this: reconstruct with the internal cable, whatever it is.
If you're a heart specialist, then you specialize by all media.
That's where you will give the best.
But for the multinational multiple in the room, including those who just realized to be one of them in the last 12 minutes,  I tell them, reconstruct with your many passions.
They follow their curiosity for those rabbit crabs.
They explore the intersections, explore.
Absoluting our inner cable leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multi-tenth, the world needs us."
Thank you.
In 1991, a woman called Austria took her to a Philippina in France.
August would deliver and couldn't even remember the most basic details of his life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alis didn't know how to help Austria, but I flew through her until that, unfortunately, passed in 1996.
After his death, Alices made an authority and they found strange plates and tanks in the brain of August, a guy who had never seen before.
The even more surprising thing.
If Australia would have been alive today, we couldn't give it more to help him more than Allian gave him 111 years ago.
Alis was Dr. Alex Alzheimer's.
And Austria Detroit, the first patient to get a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1991 medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics have been discovered and vaccines to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, stations for the cardiologists and much more.
But gradually it's been programmed in the treatment of Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists who work to find a cure for Alzheimer's for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
The Alzheimer's now affecting 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, affecting 150 million who, by the way, including many of you.
If you wait to live until the 85 years or more, the chance of finding Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's probability that they spend their golden years with Alzheimer's or helping take care of a friend or being loved with Alzheimer's.
In the United States, the Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical assistance is spent on Alzheimer's disease.
Today is the most expensive disease, and its costs provide an increase of five times in 2050, as you get aging the goal of the boom.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's one of the greatest medical challenges of our generation.
But it's done relatively little to fight it.
Today, one of the top 10 causes of death from all over the world, Alzheimer's the only one that you can't prevent or cure or even slow their development.
We understand less from Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research that in Alzheimer's despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes a similar number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause, the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what few people know, but everybody should should, the Alzheimer's a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 111 years, all of the scientists, they confuse Alzheimer's with aging.
We think it's going to become sensitive in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But there's only a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient of Alzheimer's to see the real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to describing a loss of loss memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer's reduce significantly the expectancy of life, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer's got plates and strangers in the brain of Austrian a century ago.
For almost a century, we didn't know much about it.
Today we know that they're made out of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds as a origami.
There are places on paper that are peaks.
And when it folds well, these sticky dots end up inside the inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes protein molecules stick each other, forming groups that can form great plates and tanks.
That's what we see in the patient's brain with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this discussion works.
There are many steps, and the identifying of what step to block is complex, like destroying a bomb.
A cable could do nothing.
Completely the other can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does.
Until recently, it's mostly reduced the wires and waiting for the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, genetics, chemistry, physicists, engineers and mathematics.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process. Now it's testing a new kind of drugs that block specifically this step to stop the disease.
Let me show you some of our last results.
No one outside our lab has yet seen yet.
Let's see some videos of what happened when we tested these drugs in worms works.
These are the healthy worms and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms on the other hand, they have protein molecules that stick each other inside of them, like in humans with Alzheimer's.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at a early stage, then we see that they heal and live normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but the research like this shows the Alzheimer's disease is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 9/11, there is real hope of what can be achieved in the next 10 or 20 years.
But in order to grow that hope, the Alzheimer's alleged, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's you.
We need to convince you that Alzheimer's a disease is a disease, and that if you try it out, we can sell it.
In the case of other diseases, patients and their families have found more research and exercise pressure on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators and legislations.
That was essential to move on in the treatment of HIV in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to beat cancer.
But the Alzheimer's patients often can't talk for themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved days and night, are often too distressed to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
The Alzheimer's not, most of a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, who cannot create the change they need for themselves.
They help talk for them, and help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Times column, in January of this year.
To fall in love with someone, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience by trying to test it a night.
So the procedure is pretty simple: Two strange questions to get 36 questions and more and more personal questions and then both look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions.
Number 12, if you could wake up with a quality or a skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And just that one?
As you move forward, these are increasingly personal people.
Number 30 -- this really likes to me. Tell your partner what thank you from him or she -- I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't say to someone you have recently known.
When I stumbled up with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the joke that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the laboratory to the ceremony.
So, I was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued as well.
And when I had the occasion to test this study, with someone I knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to fall in love.
However, we fell in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I sent it to the Columbia Love column a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's already automobile, so I guess some of you probably ask yourself, follow together still still to follow together?
And the reason I think you question this is because they've already asked me this question again and again in the last seven months.
And this is what I want to talk about today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, I was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had used to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog input can get to a few hundred views like much, and those were usually just my friends of Facebook and imagined that my article in the New York Times would probably reach a few thousand views.
And that led a good burden of attention in a relatively new relationship.
But as he said, I had no idea.
The article was posted online at night, and already the Saturday -- this happened in the traffic of my blog.
And the Sunday was already called the Tower Show and the Google Morgan America.
In a month, the article received over eight million visit, and I was to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with synchronization about your own loving experiences, but another thing is to find out that the loving life of one has been international news has been international news --  and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call it or writing, what they did every day for weeks, they always did the same question -- they still asked the same question: They still do the same question: They still do the same question.
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on the mailbox.
And several messages came immediately.
They were from students and journalists and core of cortical strangers like this.
I was interviewed in the radio and they asked it.
Even I gave a talk, and a woman screaming up to the stage, "Hey, Manhattan where is your night?
And I immediately stood up.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international papers, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I wasn't prepared for the answer of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have made life itself.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Valley, who included the experiences of readers when I tried the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse in all this attention was to be very reserve with my own relationship.
I said not every request that we both make a public emergence together.
He rejected television interviews, and they were asking for the pictures of pictures of us.
I think I was afraid to become the indigenous icons of the working process. A range for which I didn't feel absolutely calculated.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if they really worked. I mean, if I was able to produce lower love, not just an adventure, but love real love, performance love.
But this was a question that I didn't feel able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we follow together or not, and also decorated it?
If the answer was no, I would make the experience of making these 36 less interesting questions of these 36 questions.
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these same questions in 1997, and there, the goal of the researcher was not to produce romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for to encourage international performance among college students, using what Arab called sustained personal openness, progression and receiving.
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study does work.
The participants felt closer after doing it. Several later studies were used by Arab American protocol as a quick way to create trust and interaction between strangers.
They have used it between members of police and community -- and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which tried last summer, who combined personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk on a small liberal arts university, and then a student came up to me and said to me with the ship," I tried the study and didn't work.
He seemed discovered by that.
I said, "Do you mean you love with the person who did it?
Well, he made a pause pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
I said, "But did they become better friends.
You feel that they were able to meet me better after testing the studio.
The attack.
So, it worked, I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
And I had the study for the first time when I was 29, and I was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I was 20, which virtually knew my whole adult life, and he was my first love -- and I had no idea how to live without it.
So I turned to science.
I investigate everything I could find about the science of romantic love, and I was hoping that that could somehow vaccinate the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I just looked at the book that I wrote, but representative, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad as I felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love. I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I look for.
But I can also see more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than you can reasonably demand me.
What I'm looking for love is a garage, not just from being loved today and being loved tomorrow, but to continue to be completely loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people ask when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that the media told about 36 questions is that there can be a shortcut to fall in love.
There may be a way to somehow mitigate some of the implicit risk, and this is a very attractive story, because it will love us to feel beautifully, but it's also frightening.
But I think when it comes to love, we are very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that I said, "You still follow together?
And their content with a response of S or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like, how do you decide who deserve your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated when things are complicated and how to know when to cut down and disting?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship, or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your mate?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So if you want the brief version of the history of my relationship, it is this one, a year ago, met and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we fall in love together, and I'm very happy.
But in love to fall in love is not the same as staying in love.
With in love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article wrote, love didn't happen.
We stay in love because we took the choice to be.
And I get a little bit of reading to read it, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything that was supposed to be that choice.
It doesn't consider how many times we would have both that decision, and how much time it will have to keep making that choice without knowing before if he will always choose me or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answered 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous and kindness and fun and expressed that choice in the largest newspaper in America.
But what I've done, instead, is to turn my relationship into the kind of myth that I don't really think of.
And what I look for, and what I might spend my life is that that myth is true.
I want the happy implication in the title of my paper -- which is, by the way, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have instead is the opportunity to love someone, and hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few lions in mountain flat, and in a way, I got like a forest genome.
I had New York City a while.  One thing that really affected me, but more details later on.
I'll start with when I was eight years old.
I took a wooden box, and I would get a dollar of a dollar, a pen and a fork on her somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought some strange humanities or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example, how we eat the spheres.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it's because I'm thanks because I'm 30 years later, and I'm still doing boxes.
At one point he was in Hawaii -- I like going exception and surviving and all those weird things -- and I was making a colleague for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages and I made a kind of calculation cells to the Agnes Martin style and the resin covered and a bee got caught up.
Well, my mother is afraid of bees and it's allergic to them, so I got more resistant in the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed like a size, as if you were to look at the text with a magnifying lamp.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs -- strange bottles I was going to find out on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate and telling stories about these objects.
So I started drawing around the objects, and I realized that God can draw in space.
I can flow translated, draw the same way around a card on the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own specialist of specialists invented.
First, biological -- that you can make an idea.
And then I made some insects and strange creatures.
It was very fun to draw in the resident layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and things, and I was making some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Spickbland.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in the human form, natural size sculptures with drawings of human beings within the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I died.
I didn't know what to do, because the queen was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
And I started drawing on the glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window and then in another window and another window, and it had all these windows together that form a three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and I could stop using the queen.
So I did this for years, and my work collapsed with something very big, which I call traditional."
And for the trajectory, I was inspired by a big measure in "The Board of Holdiers Bush Delicious Deaths that is a painting at the Museum of the Prays in Spain.
Do you know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of your time.
Well, the trajectory." explain this piece.
It weighs 11,000 pounds.
It's 50 feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of compassion.
It's a little bit weird.
Well, that's the source of blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the landscapes.
There's a cave where all of these creatures with heads of animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the representation world, to this analog mesh influence where they hide.
This is where creatures with animal heads are headed to the face, ready to suicide in mass running in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a carbon.
Billy Graham is in the sea, the Horron -- the oil platform of the demonstration, Walker, the Osama Bin Laden, there are all kinds of weird things that you can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, a kind of musical kind of magnificent.
It's coming out of the ocean, and he writes oil in a hand while the other hand comes up with it.
Their hands are like balances, and it looks like a mythological self that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in balance.
So it's one aspect of the trajectory."
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand I spit in.
And then when you go on the other side, you have a train, like a bird summit, and you spit clouds from this train.
It also has a thick of 50 feet long, which binds the tradition."
Anyway, his tail present fire on a volcano.
I don't know why that happened.
Things that go on, you know.
His tail ended up in a balloon eye color made from terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very adapted at your time.  This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects, one called "computers."
This is a six-year-old project to make 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material being scarcity, or dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a human being, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at the same time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide them.
And you can walk between them. I'm taking years.
Each is basically a microscope of microscope that weighs 1,000 pounds with a human trapped inside.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's the head -- there's the chest, you can turn the input in.
Let me take you out of the rest of the body -- there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and you cover your penis or novel, or whatever it is, a kind of indigenous thing.
It's a quick repository of these works because I can't explain them for a long time.
We have layers -- you can see.
This is a body party in half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are pills that come out and go into the head of this strange statue head.
There's a little forest scene inside the domestic capacity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, just like the boxes that we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box. It's called Penny WorldWides.
Within this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a music, a race, a radio, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that spread all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We mentioned the box and all the people in the inside with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way to change the world.
When you redefine who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we come to realize that we're all in this together, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of the countries, from borders, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same matter and the same box.
And if we don't start exchanging those things with sweet and usually we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do they do when you hurt your head?
Take an aspect.
But for this pill to have an effect against pain, first of all, the interests and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective and including system so that any drug takes effect on the body.
The disabled, though, is that by carrying any drug to be diligently.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When you take antiretroviral drugs, these are just to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the CDC cells.
But they're also known by their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time they take to get to the blood stream, they are display, and worse even for the time they take to get to their fate, which is where most important, in the warehouse of HIV.
These are regions of the body like the lymph gangs, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is including and not easily in the blood correct of the patients that are subjected to the pathogens to regulate with antiretroviral drugs.
But after the disruption of treatment, viruses can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the big problem in the treatment of HIV with current drugs that are an administrative treatment for the oral via arm.
One day, I sat down and I thought, "Could we get the treatment directly to the desert of the virus, without the risk of dialogue discussion?
As a scientific expert in lasers -- the answer was in front of me, the lasers of course.
If you're using idealism, for the care of wounds and surgery, they can be used for anything imagine, including the interrogative transport of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open up or drill extremely small holes, which open and create almost immediately infected cells with HIV to introduce drugs.
Maybe they ask, "How is that possible?
We sent a very small and powerful beam on the mobile membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser through the cell, while the cell absorbs the drug in matter of microscopes.
Before I even realize, the hole is immediately reported.
We are currently testing this technology in vitro or plate plates, but the goal is to take this technology into the human body, apply to the human body.
"How is that possible? You can ask it.
Well, the answer is, through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incentive on the site of infection.
The second head, which is a camera, is leading to the site of infection.
Finally, the third head, an intelligence that distributes the drugs, releases it directly into the site of infection, whereas laser is used again to keep the cells open.
Well, this doesn't seem like a lot of time.
But one day, if it's successful, this technology can lead to the total HIV eradication of the body.
Yeah. A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV researchers -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've been studying the non-zero-sum groups of organizations like terrorists, insurgents or military.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting up.
My goal is to understand these generous agents of violence and study ways to encourage the transition of violent participation to nonviolent conference.
I do field work, in the world of politics and library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost everything conflict, because the war has changed.
It used to be a state between states.
Not anymore.
It's now a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 216 peace arrangements between 1975 and 2011, 1966 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups, we even have to engage them or defeat them in any successful conflict process.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know really the reasons why they fight it, how they do it, but nobody is looking at what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle and policies are related to relates.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them without a global vision.
Today's armed groups are complex organizations.
For example, the Hellet Liberian known for his violent cooling against Israel.
From their creation in the 1980's, Helvetica has also established a political party -- a social service network and a military device.
Similarly, the Palestine Hamlet, known by its suicide attacks against Israel, also admired the Gaza of Gaza since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting it.
They're multiple.
They set up a complex communication machine, radio stations, TV channels, television websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the ISIS magazine, print in English and published to recruit it.
And armed groups also invest in a complex fundraising complex of funds without savings, but through registered business, for example, construction companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to collect better and build their brand.
armed groups do something else, create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools -- they manage hospitals, they make a professional training program or microscope programs.
Helvetica offers all these services and more.
armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that is not graduate, security and protection.
The ascent of talents in an Afghanistan ripped by the war or even the beginning of the ISIS ascent -- can also understand the efforts of these groups for providing safety.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election of 2006 electronic Hamptons can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex stage, even in the West, when we look at the armed groups, we just think about the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, the strategy or the long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill up gaps left by government, and they emerge like armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and gave governance.
And the more complex and more sophisticated these organizations, we can categorize them as something against a state.
How do you call a group like Helvetica?
They dominate part of a territory, they manage all of their functions -- collect the garbage -- manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a relevant group.
Or maybe another thing, something new and different.
And what is ISI?
The lines are disposably.
We live in a world of states, of no state and states, and the more weak the states are, like in the Middle East, the current Middle East, and they fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to counteract these groups will have to invest more in not military tools.
Full that government gap has to be at the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important to establish and make peace.
If we understand the armed groups, we understand better how incentives to offer the transition of violence to non-violent violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-verbal actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace or stability.
In order to achieve these goals we need long-term investments to fill that safety vacuum to fill that cow of government that allowed these groups to thrive in a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are verbally, but I'm afraid to accept the feminist tag of the feminist would be unfair for the feminists.
I'm a feminist -- but pretty bad.
And so I'm anticipated as a bad feminist of message.
Or, at least, I wrote an article and a book called "The Bad Feminist: and then in interviews, people started calling the Malawi Feminist.
So what started as a personal joke to myself and a deliberate provider, has become something larger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth, and at the age of 20 years old, I had strange ideas about the feminists, these held women, angry with men and they hated sex. As if that was a bad thing.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and the anger, in particular, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that people were using when they inspired that could be female.
Being tagged as a feminist was a consumer, a wonderful taboo and disability.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asked too much, with high self-esteem and dare to believe it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that relevation woman, until you realize that it's actually that woman and can't imagine being another person.
Over time, as I grew up, I started to accept that I am, in fact, feminist and also, proud to be.
For me, certain claims are irregular -- women are equal to men.
We deserve the same soldier for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want it, or book free or violence.
We have a right to use in easy ways and accessible and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, without needing to legislative or evangelical doctors.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about the needs of women, you have to keep in mind our other identity.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression and religion and sexuality condition, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have in account these differences and how they affect us, the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion our feminist is nothing.
For me, these are true, but to be clear, I'm a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist for me.
I have another trust.
When I drive the job, listen to the work, I hear the paleontologist rap for all volume.
Even though the letter degraded to women, I was deeply, the classic Salama Shanghai of the yin Twitter is incredible.
"Make it with your momentum campaign.
It does, dance, move until you bend the cook."
Think about it.
Poor poetry, right?
I'm completely motivated by my musical taste.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I do not want to do, including --  all the domestic tasks -- but also to kill insects, the raising care, the care of lawns and the maintenance of machinery.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
I enjoy fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see "The Barbara and the Romantic Common, and I have fantasy anti-controlled stories that are made in reality.
Some of my crime are more desperate.
If a woman wants to adopt her husband, it's their choice, and I'm not who to judge you.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise their children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it becomes economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confident so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose them.
So we solve this problem.
It rejected the conventional feminist that has ignored or historically dismissed the needs of the women of color, workers and homosexuality and trans -- to favor of white white women, heterosexual classrooms, middle class and high class.
Listen to, if that's good feminist I'm a very bad feminist female.
It also happens this: As a feminist I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put destiny pressures into a professional.
We hope that they are going to destroy perfection.
When you get decided, we would retire them with a lot of taste from the same performance where we put them.
As I said, I'm a disaster, I think I'm described from that pedestrian before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly the innovators and the sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as feminists.
They are afraid to stand up and say, "Yes, I'm a feminist for fear of what that tag means is for fear of not being able to meet the really realistic expectations.
Take for example, Beethoven, or as I call it the God.
Over the last few years it's a declared feminist in the last few years.
In the video Music Adams in 2014, at MTA, it came up in front of the two meters high.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star of the paper openly embracing the feminist and making women know that young men will be a feminist is something to be proud of.
Last time, cultural critics started internalized debate if Benki was or not exactly female.
They raised their phenomenon, instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of the feminists, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot of it, we need so much of a very careful amount of time.
Let's go far beyond sensible and constructive criticism to dissect the feminist of any woman, destroy it until there's nothing left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminist is the point of game.
But what happens next?
We go from recognizing our imperatives to figure out, go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I listen to degrading music, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy by providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we take the change effectively affecting their profit.
It's certainly hard.
Why does it have their music that will be so perfect?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justice, this makes it more difficult for women to do equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my niece, three and four years.
These are two magnificent girls, decisions and brilliant, and also very brave.
They are appreciated by the strong creatures that are.
And I think about them, all of a sudden, the best option was investigated as something much easier to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is treating sexual violence against women like sports, and the Tree of Trolies.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women as nothing.
We can spend our money to go to film on another part when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as back skins.
In any case, the men, especially white men may say, "No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until you don't include a number enough number of women, both to participate how to make decisions.
I'm not going to work with you until your population, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people."
Those of us who are supported but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also refuse to be included until it is welcome to overcome the barriers to the decision-making posts.
Because we're not beautiful betters. Without these efforts, without embracing these positions -- our achievements will mean very little.
We can commit these little acts of courage and expect our decisions to get to the top, people in power direct power and film and music, CEOs, the legislators -- people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and significant change.
We can also claim our feminism, well, bad, or any bits.
The last line in my book, "What Male Feminist says, "Would you rather be a bad feminist not to be able to be absolutely.
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say that, above all, because I ancient my voice was stolen and the feminist helped me pick it up.
There was an incident.
I call it incident to address what happened.
A few kids gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
I was treated as a thing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and then I didn't dare to believe that I could say something that might matter.
But I was writing.
And I did it again.
I lie in a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is beyond what you can measure.
Through the writing and the feminism, I also found that if I was a little bit brave and another woman could hear and see me and realize that none of us are trying to tell us that we are.
In one hand, I have power to achieve anything.
And on the other, I hold the humble reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist female, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my way of thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave, when you need a little bit more valuable.
Just after Christmas last year, 13 children in California had the measles of having visited Disney or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then attracted the border with Canada, infected over 100 children in Beetle.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with an insulin system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There is an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century ago, but a lot of the children involved in the Drum outbreak hadn't been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse, autism.
But a moment, not the article that was unleashed about autism and disconnected vaccines, declined and marked for being a fraud delivered by the British Medical June?
Does it not believe most intelligent scientists that the theory of vaccines cause autism is a spectacle?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world continue to fear that vaccines put in danger to their children to have autism.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the estimates of autism in time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very weird disease.
The few psychologists and pediatrician I had heard about it believed to develop all their professional life without seeing a single case.
For decades, prevalence estimates followed stable just three or four children per 10,000 children.
But then, in the 1990s, the numbers started to shoot up.
Research organizations as Australian Spinosaurus restores routinely refer autism as an epidemic -- as if I could get another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people the Stanford Disease Center of Atlanta, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like crazy diagnostic criteria and a better case detection to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't have a lot of the fears of a young mother looking at the face of their two years, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand it, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were autism autism so hard to find before the 1990s.
Five years ago, I decided to discover the answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and chapter progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be fake, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact on global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had lost and forgotten in the dark corners of clinical literature.
This second story tells us everything about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with an infant psychiatrist -- Leo Kanne, the Johns Hopkins Hospital Hospital, Kanzi published an article who described 11 young patients who seemed to inhabit private worlds -- even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by waving their faces, but they were pressure of the panic for mentalities like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
Over the base of patients treated in their clinic, Kanneir speculated that autism is very rare.
In the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, declared that I had seen less than 150 true cases of their syndrome while collecting places of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not to extract, because the Kannifer criteria for autism diagnosis were very restrictive to me.
For example, I was asking to give that diagnosis to kids, but now we know that epilepsy, is very common in autism.
And he once was jazz that he had turned nine children out of every 10 children sent by other doctors to their comfort for being autistic without giving them a diagnosis of autism.
Kanneium was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certificate.
It classified autism as a form of child physicists caused by cold, destroyed parents.
These kids, he said, have stayed carefully in a refrigerator.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of their young patients had special skills that are put together in certain areas like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the kids in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before they turned the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he properly said, "Beijing" them."
But Kanneir had a bad opinion of these skills, making things like the kids were simply regurgitating what they had heard of their loved parents, desperate for winning their approval to win.
As a result, autism became a source of shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own well, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Amazingly, it wasn't until the 1970s, that researchers began to test Kannahar theory that autism was weird.
Loren Wingogram, cognitive psychology in London, thought that the theory of nerve mothers from Kanne was pretty stupid.
She and her husband John were warm and affective people, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a girl like South Africa without a support service, without special education, and without access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service, that you needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and their colleague Judith Gould's school decided to do something that should be done 30 years before.
They did a study of autism of autism in the general population.
They held a subject in London called Christopher to try to find the autistic kids in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kanzi model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some kids couldn't speak at all, while others were stuck in their fascination by astronaut, in dinosaurs or the generosity of the reality.
In another way, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and standing squares as Judian said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Knowler monolithic model would have predicted.
At first, they were lost to trying to make sense of their data.
How did no one had been perceived from these kids before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1944, the next year to the Kanzi paper, and then he forgot -- buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kanneium knew about this article of competition, but he avoided scared to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, the Lord was talking German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative history of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Apple, who led an integrated clinic with an internal school in Vienna, in the 1930s.
The ideas of Apple for teaching children with learning was previously progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in their clinic began with kinds of exercises with music, and kids follow their games for the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents to cause autism, Apple described it as a political disability of life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces adapted during the course of all life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Apollo called them their little teachers, and he dedicated to help in the development of methods of education that were especially appropriate for them.
And fundamentally, Apple saw autism as a diverse continuum that was absorbing a surprising variety of donor and disability.
He believed that autism and autism traits were common, and they always have been, seeing aspects of this continuum in architects known in the pop culture as the social scientist and the destroyed professor.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a hint of autism is essential.
Lord and Judith found that Kanneir was wrong that autism was incredibly incredible, as well as parents were the causes.
Over the next few years, they worked in silence with the American Association of Psychiatry to expand the criteria of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called autistic spectrum."
By the end of 80 and early '90s, their changes entered virgin, holding the Lincoln limited model of Kanneir by one wide and inclusive and inclusive one.
These changes did not fall into broken sacks.
Cartoonized, when London and Judian worked between baseballs to reform these criteria -- people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before I went out Ray Man in 1988, just a little circle, who was just a little bit of a circle, who was a shipping computer who was the autism of autism, but after the inevitable performance of Duska Hotchweigh and the recognition of Randy Man with four awards of the Academy -- pediatricians, psychologists, teachers and fathers around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, they introduced the first easy clinical trials to use to diagnose autism.
I shouldn't have a connection with that little expert circle to get a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of Ramie Man changes the changes in the criteria and the introduction of these tests created a network effect, a perfect storm of the consciousness of autism.
The number of diagnostics started to elevate, just like Lord and Judith predicted -- they actually hoped that it was, getting people with autism and their families finally got the support and services they deserve.
So Andrew Walkerline came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnostics -- a simple one, powerful, and seductive history of credible history as bad as Kannahar theory was infectious.
If the current estimate of prevention center that one in 68 children in the United States are in the spectrum, it's right, the autism is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined themselves on the Internet to reject the idea that the puzzles are going to solve for the new medical advances.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think of terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows doesn't mean it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distractive, obviously social, and suffer from a deficit deficit to detail.
Indeed, autistic people have difficulty living in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Aporist, who believed that the cure for the most exciting aspects of autism are found in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in their children's potential.
An autistic woman named Zosical Zacks once said, "We need all hands in cover to figure out the burnown of humanity.
As we navigate towards an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to waste not a brain.
Thank you.
